Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit Workshops for Parents and Early Childhood Educators Written by Dr. Betsy Diamant-Cohen, Mother Goose on the Loose, LLC with contributions by Cathy Lancaster, Library of Michigan Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 3 Table of Contents Intro to the Toolkit Ready to Read Michigan Introduction. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 Additional Early Literacy Resources. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 How to Use This Toolkit. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 Setting Up for Parent/Family Workshops . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 Parent/Family Workshops Supplies & Preparation Program Order Script Supplies & Preparation Program Order Script Supplies & Preparation Program Order Script Early Childhood Educators Workshops Agenda for Early Childhood Educators Supplies, Preparation & Set-up Agenda for Early Childhood Educators Supplies, Preparation & Set-up Reproducibles. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52 Stations Signs/Family Take-Home Flyers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53 Song/Rhyme Sheets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68 Tips for Sharing Books. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 80 Activity Sheets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81 Felt Templates. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 92 References. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 100 Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 4 Ready to Read Michigan Introduction The Library of Michigan’s Ready to Read Michigan program is designed to support public library staff as they model early literacy skill development directly to families and caregivers with young children (ages birth to 5). The Ready to Read Michigan program supports public libraries as they engage in outreach to families and caregivers, as well as early childhood centers, schools, and daycares in their community.
Ready to Read Michigan Program Goals are to: •  Equip public library staff with information, skills, and tools needed for them to promote early literacy in their community.
•  Empower public library staff to engage parents and caregivers of children, ages 0-5, in Michigan with the five early literacy practices of Every Child Ready to Read® For training details or questions, go to www.Mi.gov/ReadytoRead or contact Cathy Lancaster, Youth Services Coordinator at the Library of Michigan, at 517-335-8129 or LancasterC5@michigan.gov. Ready to Read Michigan is supported in part by the Institute of Museum and Library Services. This toolkit project was supported by the Preschool Development Grant Birth through Five Initiative (PDG B-5), Grant Number 90TP0002, from the Office of Child Care, Administration for Children and Families, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Its contents are solely the responsibility of the authors and do not necessarily represent the official views of the Office of Child Care, the Administration for Children and Families, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 5 Introduction to the Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit: Workshops for Parent and Early Childhood Educators C hildren’s brains are like sponges. The information they soak up in their first three years sets the founda­ tion for their later development. Strong early literacy skills developed in the first five years of life have been shown to positively affect school success, high school graduation rates, job quality, amount of wages earned, long-lasting adult relationships, and rates of incarceration. Recent studies have shown that when children develop early literacy skills that enable them to enter school “Ready to Read” they have higher rates of family income; helping young children develop strong literacy skills has also been shown to help end generational poverty.
Early literacy skills are built by five simple practices that most children’s librarians are already doing in their pro­ grams: talking, singing, reading, writing, and playing. Through these practices, children build vocabulary, become motivated to learn to read, begin to understand that letters and words have meaning, and start hearing the sounds and patterns in words. With those skills, when it is time to learn to read, their brains are ready.
In order to help parents and children get the early literacy message, all you need to do is talk, sing, read, write and play together in your storytimes & programs. You can model these practices for parents and caregivers during your programs, explaining why they are important and making suggestions of simple ways to replicate them at home. Having fun together doing basic early literacy activities can make a gigantic difference in chil­ dren’s development and increase their positive role in our society.
Early childhood educators working with young children may be spending as much if not more time with young children than their parents. Librarians can encourage them to use best practices for helping these children develop strong early literacy skills. We are in the lucky position of being able to offer fun workshops that share our knowledge and love of books and rhymes, to help them expand their offerings. These workshops are de­ signed to facilitate lots of give and take - allowing them to share their expertise in the field while also learning from you the key practices that can be communicated with families and used with the children in their care. This guide is meant to help you present workshops for parents and children, as well as for early childhood ed­ ucators, that demonstrate how easy it is to talk, sing, read, write, and play with their child(ren). Although each section contains a full “script” you are invited to modify it to express the ideas in your own words, in a way that feels most comfortable to you. Feel free to substitute the songs and books with selections that you adore.
Enthusiasm breeds enthusiasm; if you enjoy presenting your workshop, the participants will be inspired to put these practices to work at home and in the classroom. I am passionate about early literacy and I hope you are too! Sincerely, Betsy Diamant-Cohen, MLS, DCD Mother Goose on the Loose, LLC Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 6 Additional Early Literacy Resources A number of research-based resources have been developed to help early childhood professionals (in­ cluding children’s librarians) learn more about the children they serve. Most of these include summaries of relevant research highlighting the importance of a sturdy early literacy foundation for children from birth to age 5, reminders that strong early childhood programs and activities can “address disparities in literacy achievement”, downloadable developmental tips (often available daily by free subscription), online platforms for free professional development courses, and many sample videos. Feel free to have a look at these sites and see if they can be useful to you. Explains supporting research in un­ derstandable language Has easy to share tips regarding literacy Provides free online professional development courses Provides lesson plans and ideas for storytimes / book reading activities Has a community chat Videos illustrate best practices in action Download-able handouts for parents Materials are also available in Spanish The Association for Library Service to Children (ALSC 3 3 3 ECRR 3 El día de los niños Bright By Text, (Detroit Public TVT) 3 3 3 3 ECRR Early Childhood Educator Toolkit 3 3 3 3 Educator Resources: Ready to Learn (PBS) 3 3 3 Jbrary: Storytime Online 3 3 (shows what other libraries are doing) 3 some Learning-At-Home 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 Michigan’s Literacy Essentials 3 3 3 3 Multitude of languages MSU Extension Early Childhood YouTube channel 3 3 3 Michigan State University Extension: Preparing for School Success in Early Childhood 3 3 3 3 3 Mind in the Making Skill Building Book Tips 3 3 3 3 3 School Readiness Reimagined Library Toolkit - the WHOLE Child 3 3 3 3 3 3 Talk With Me, Baby - Cox Campus 3 3 3 3 3 3 Talking is Teaching (MDE) 3 3 3 3 Vroom 3 3 3 3 Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 7 How to Use This Toolkit T his toolkit is meant to make programming easy and fun for you. It contains everything you should need to present Ready to Read workshops for parents and children and workshops for early childhood educators. There are “scripts” that you can use to practice what to say during your workshops. But do not be con­ strained by the scripts; they are meant only to guide you. You are not an actor in a play with memorized lines; you are a children’s librarian, a literacy hero, and the best way for attendees to benefit from your program is if you feel comfortable with what you are doing, you believe and like what you are saying, and you are sharing yourself.
While the scripts spell everything out in detail, feel free to substitute your own words. You can replace songs, fingerplays or books with ones that you like best and are most comfortable using. As long as you pass on the message about the impor­ tance of early literacy, model simple and easy ways to use the five practices joyfully with children, and send families home enthused about replicating some activities, you have done a great job. In this toolkit, detailed generic set-up instructions include room set-up, station set-up, preparing a name tag making area, and stocking hand-outs for families and early childhood educators.
Each family workshop section begins with supply lists and preparation instructions to help you gath­ er everything you need and to instruct on how to make necessary items before your workshop takes place. The following “Program Order” provides an outline of the workshop. Family workshops should last between 45 minutes to an hour. Feel free to cut out activities to stay within the time limit. The first three scripts are for families; Seedlings is for parents with babies from birth to 18 months, Sprouts is for parents with toddlers from 18 months up to 3 years old, and Bloomers is for children from ages 3 to 5. These do not need to be hard and fast rules, however. If a parent has a child who would be more comfortable attending a workshop for younger children or an advanced child who would benefit more from being with older children, that is fine. Parents know their children best and can decide which workshop would be the best fit.
The second section is for early childhood providers and slides address building early literacy skills through songs, rhymes, and books. An agenda letting them know what to expect during the workshop is followed by instructions for set-up and supplies, and an introduction with a link to the google slide deck. These two work­ shops are designed to use the slideshow to deliver the information to workshop attendees. A pre-written script is provided in the notes section below each slide, however you are still encouraged to use your own words and substitute rhymes, songs, and/or books that you passionately want to share with others.
The final section of the toolkit contains reproducibles: prompts for workshop stations, activity sheets, song/ rhyme sheets, templates for felt pieces, tips for reading to young children at home, and a link to the Ready to Read Michigan booklist. Supporting texts can be found at the bibliography at the end.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 8 Parent/Family Workshops Setting-up for the Parent/Family Workshops Facilitators Area: PARTICIPANTS SITTING ON CHAIRS Set-up: If you want participants to sit on chairs: Place the portable flannel board on a table at the front of the room. At the top is the felt piece naming the program, “Ready to Read Michigan” followed by either “Seedlings,” “Sprouts,” or “Bloomers.” Place a chair for the facilitator next to the table within easy reach of the flannel board. Chairs for participants go in a semicircle facing the table and flannel board. Make sure the semicircle is large, so there is plenty of room for workshop participants to sit, stand up, and move. Place the plastic storage bin containing all props, with the felt pieces and books stacked in the order in which they will be used, underneath the table, within your reach.
PARTICIPANTS SITTING ON THE FLOOR If you want to sit on the floor and have participants sit on the floor: Place the portable flannel board next to you on the floor, with the plastic bin beside you on the other side.
Other Areas: Program Area Scatter a sampling of board books on the floor, in the area where families will be sitting.
Take Home Table Near the door, place a small table with neat piles of materials for parents to take home. These can include a schedule of upcoming storytimes and other programs, song sheets, take home flyers for parents, etc.
Welcome Area On a counter or tabletop near the room’s entrance, place labels and permanent markers for making name tags. A sample name tag should be on display.
If possible, arrange to have soft music playing as families enter the room. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 9 Seedlings Supplies & Preparation Supplies needed for this workshop: • Table for front of the room • Four child-sized tables in the corners or the room or in a different part of the room • Table near the door or just outside the door for take-away printed materials • Some chairs for parents who may request them and a chair for the facilitator • Tote bag or basket for collecting board books • Portable flannel board • Storage bin • Chair for facilitator • Labels for name tags • Markers for name tags • Graphic pieces glued to felt • Felt • Tacky glue • Board Books: Brown Bear, Brown Bear by Bill Martin Jr. and Eric Carle • Book with animal pictures, for example: Wiggle! March! by Kaaren Pixton • Table Signs (4): Talk, Sing, Read, Write • Puppets • A selection of board books • Children’s song books • Empty paper towel rolls • Toy microphones (if available) • Literacy bags • Ziploc® bags • Finger-paint, shaving cream, or some type of gel substance • Packing tape or duct tape. • Permanent markers • Tambourine • A ball • Paper evaluations or iPads with evaluation form uploaded • Activity packets for parents • Library publicity and program schedules Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 10 Preparation TO DO AHEAD OF TIME: 1. Print station signs for TALK, SING, READ & WRITE. 2. Make photocopies of each related flyer for each table.
 3.  Print all of the flannel board templates. Cut around the edges and use tacky glue to stick them to felt. Let them dry overnight in an area where they can be spread out, without putting one on top of the other. When totally dry, place them in the storage bin one on top of the other in the order in which they will be used. Books with italicized titles go in between the felt pieces. Here is the order: 1. Ready to Read Michigan — Felt Piece 2. Welcome — Felt Piece 3. TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY 4. TALK 5. SING 6. READ 7. Book: (Brown Bear, Brown Bear) 8. Tips for Sharing Books — Felt Piece 9. Book: (Wiggle! March!) 10. WRITE 11. PLAY 12. Stations — Felt Piece 13. PLAY 14. TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY 15. Thanks for coming! — Felt Piece 4. Print out as many activity packets for parents, as necessary. 5. Print a copy of the “Tips For Sharing Books.” 6. Make photocopies of an evaluation sheet (or upload it on iPads). 7. Gather library publicity materials for display. 8. Collect empty paper towel rolls from library visitors and staff. 9. Make literacy bags (see instructions below). 10. Gather all other supplies needed for the workshop and place them in the storage bin.
Make Literacy Bags: Materials Needed • Good quality, large plastic quart size Ziploc® bags • Finger-paint, shaving cream, or some type of gel substance • Packing tape or duct tape • Permanent markers Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 11 Make enough Literacy Bags following these directions so there will be enough for one per registered baby for each workshop. 1.  Open a quart size Ziploc® bag and put in 2-4 tablespoons of finger-paint, shaving cream, or some type of gel substance. 2. Press down to remove extra air and close the Ziploc®. 3.  Fold over the top, and seal it with packing tape or duct tape, with a piece that is long enough to go around the entire bag.
To do on the day of the workshop: • Follow instructions at Setting Up for Parent/Family Workshops on page 8. • Place a puppet in the storage bin for use during the workshop.
• Place a small ball in the storage bin for use during the workshop.
• Put the “Ready to Read Michigan” felt piece at the top of the flannel board with the Seedlings piece just under.
•  Place the storage bin with all of the supplies underneath the flannel board. Just before the workshop starts, while keeping the felt pieces in order, place them out of the reach of toddlers, but within easy reach of you and the flannel board.
PREPARING THE STATIONS: (In addition to the generic instructions for room set up, there are specific directions for each workshop’s stations.) On each of the four child height tables and chairs around the perimeter of the room, display a sign naming the practices (for that station). Props related to the activity for that practice also belong on the table.
TALK TABLE: Materials Needed • TALK sign • A variety of Puppets •  Prompt signs / flyers Set-up: Display “TALK” sign. Scatter puppets and flyers around the table. Copies of both prompt flyers should be available.
SING TABLE: Materials Needed • SING sign • Empty paper towel rolls or toy microphones •  An iPad or laptop cued up to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFtHeo7oMSU for the rap version of “Llama, Llama, Red Pajama” (copy of the book if available) • Prompt signs / flyers •  Lyrics to “Old MacDonald” and “You Are My Sunshine” Set-up: Display “SING” sign. Scatter song books, a box of empty paper towel rolls, preprogrammed iPads, and flyers with song lyrics around the SING table. Optional addition: toy microphones. Copies of both prompt flyers should be available.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 12 READ TABLE: Materials Needed • READ sign • Board books and indestructible books. Recommendations are: • Lemay, Violet. Happy Baby • Pixton, Kaaren, Wiggle! March! (Indestructible book) • Stockham, Jess. On the Go! iA moverse! • Yonezu, Yusuke. Seek, and Count • Corcorette. Wheels at Work: Farm • Galbraith, Kathryn O. Autumn Babies • Prasadam, Smriti. Hello, Animals • Prompt sign / flyer •  A few chairs at the table Set-up: Display “READ” sign. Scatter song books, board books and indestructible books (if available), along with flyers around the READ. Display the prompt sign. WRITE TABLE: Materials Needed • WRITE sign • Literacy Bags for WRITE (one per baby) • Permanent markers •  Prompt sign / flyer Set-up: Display “WRITE” Sign. Scatter literacy bags around the table. Place a few markers in a holder in the middle of the table (where curious fingers can’t reach them!).
Before the Workshop Begins Scatter books around the program area and play soft music to welcome participants as you greet people at the door. When you are ready to begin, turn off the music and collect the books. Take the felt pieces out of the storage bin and place them near the easel (behind, on a shelf, etc.) where they are out of babies’ sight but easy for you to reach. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 13 Seedlings Program Order WELCOMING COMMENTS Hello Everybody, Yes Indeed FIVE PRACTICES INTRODUCTION Seedlings TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY TALK:  Names and Feelings Fingers Like to Wiggle Waggle SING: Open Them, Shut Them READ:  Sharing Books Tips for Sharing Books: Brown Bear I Went to Visit the Farm One Day WRITE / DO FINGERPLAYS: This Little Piggie PLAY: Peek-a-boo Introduction to Stations TALK: Puppets SING: Pretend microphone READ: Share a board book WRITE: Literacy bags Back to Circle Time PLAY: The Hokey Pokey Closing Comments: TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY Evaluation reminder Thanks for coming! Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 14 Seedlings Script CREATING A WELCOMING ATMOSPHERE • Greet each person who enters the room with a smile and welcoming “hello.” •  Ask participants to make a nametag for themselves and their babies (i.e. Aliyah, mother of Clay). You may want to explain that since babies often pull off their name tags, one tag for the adult and child together which the adult puts on his or her shirt is best.
•  Encourage parents to sit with their babies and look at board books together until the program begins. When it’s time to start the program, collect the books by walking around with a big basket or tote bag singing: Books away, books away, put your books away.
•  Invite everyone to sit in a circle with their babies on their laps facing the flannel board. Parents should be encouraged to sit in with their children on their laps. Chairs should be available for those who need them.
• Take a seat next to the table or flannel board.
WELCOMING COMMENTS Put the “Welcome!” piece on the flannel board.
Welcome everyone to Seedlings and introduce yourself, making eye contact and responding with a personal welcome as you go around the circle. Sing a welcome song: Hello Everybody, Yes Indeed Hello everybody, yes indeed, yes indeed, yes indeed.
Hello everybody, yes indeed, yes indeed my darling.
Hello (say one child’s name), yes indeed, yes indeed, yes indeed.
Hello (say another child’s name), yes indeed, yes indeed my darling.
FIVE PRACTICES INTRODUCTION Although your babies are still very young, there are five things you can do with them regularly to help them have an easier time when they go to school, to give them a better chance at succeeding in their workplace, and set them on a lifetime path of success. You don’t need lots of money, you don’t need to have a college degree, you don’t need to know how to read, and you don’t need to know how to speak English in order to give your baby important “early literacy skills” that will benefit them throughout life. All you need to do is Talk, Sing, Read, Write, and Play with them! There’s even a song about it: Take down the “Welcome” piece and drop it in the bin under the table; Put the “Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play” piece on the flannel board.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 15 Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play (tune of “Good Night Ladies”) Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Hooray!
Now please sing it along with me.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Hooray!
Take down the “Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play” piece. Put the “Talk” piece on the flannel board. The first early literacy practice we’re going to explore here today is TALK about “names & feelings.” Take a second to think and tell us one word to describe how you are feeling right now. For in­ stance, “I’m Cathy, this is Joe, and I am happy.” Or “I’m Betsy, this is Maya, and I’m tired.” (Use your own name and feelings! Then go around the circle and give everyone a turn. Say “Thank you for sharing,” after each person has a turn.) Words are important because they help us express what we need, what we want, how we are feeling, and so much more! Babies learn words when you talk to them; that is how their vocabulary grows.
Talking to your children helps them feel more connected with you. They learn words and understand more about the world around them.
Reciting rhymes is a great way to talk with your babies. There are a few rhymes you might already know that are fun to recite. Even if your baby can’t do them with you yet, the movements to these rhymes are fun to watch.
Fingers Like to Wiggle Waggle Fingers like to wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle.
Wiggle fingers of both hands in front of you.
Fingers like to wiggle waggle way up high!
Continue wiggling fingers as you raise hands. Say “up high” in a high voice.
Fingers like to wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle.
Wiggle fingers of both hands in front of you.
Fingers like to wiggle waggle way down low!
Continue wiggling as you move your hands down to the floor. Say “way down low” in a low voice.
Fingers like to wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle.
Wiggle fingers of both hands in front of you.
Fingers like to wiggle waggle on my knee!
Place fingers on your knee. Use your normal voice.
—Barbara Cass-Beggs (Repeat very quickly) Take down the “Talk” piece. Put the “Sing” piece on the flannel board. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 16 Now let’s explore the practice of SINGING: Whether or not you have a great singing voice, nothing is more beautiful to your baby than the songs you sing. Babies respond to words and sounds they have heard over and over again, so choose your favor­ ite songs and sing them often. There’s no need to limit yourselves to baby songs; any type of song is fine.
Open Them, Shut Them Open them, shut them. Open them, shut them.
Give them a great big clap.
Open them, shut them. Open them, shut them.
Put them in your lap.
Creep them, creep them, creep them, creep them, Right up to your chin.
Open up your little mouth, But…. do not let them in!
(Repeat) Take down the “Sing” piece. Put the “Read” piece on the flannel board. The third early literacy practice is to READ: Babies can’t read at this age, and they probably don’t have the attention span for you to read an entire book to them, either. That’s fine! Be sure to read aloud; it is okay to only read one or two pages. If your baby is not interested, it is fine to stop reading. Or you can continue reading aloud even though your baby is not paying attention and may be doing something else. Even when babies don’t seem to be listening, they are.
Babies can look at books, touch books, play with books and feel good about books. “Reading” to babies at this age really means “sharing books with your baby in a joyful way.” We want your babies to grow up loving books and being great readers. The way to do that is to give them a fun, loving introduction to books right now. That means choosing a short book with few words and bright pictures. It should be sturdy and not easily destroyed when babies dribble on it or pull on the pages. Board books or indestructible books like these (show Wiggle! March! if you have it) are the best for this age. Babies can pull at the pages, bite them, or drool all over them, and they remain sturdy.
STORY: Here’s a board book with a story you might already be familiar with, Brown Bear, Brown Bear (feel free to substitute a different book with few words and big colorful pictures). Looking at just one page is fine; you don’t have to read the whole thing. You can simply point to the bear and say, “There’s a brown bear!” with a sense of wonder in your voice. You can sing a song like Old MacDonald, substituting the animals that you see on the pages. Or you can try reading the book aloud. Stop when your child no longer seems interested, Or finish the book if it is short like this one. Let’s read it aloud together. (Read book aloud.) Take down the “Read” piece. Put the “Tips for Sharing Books” piece on the flannel board.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 17 Go over the Tips for Sharing Books (In the reproducibles section).
I’m going to share a few tips for reading to your baby at home. These are listed in a hand-out. Please feel free to take one home with you. You can pick them up on your way out, from over there (point). 1. Create a special place for reading. 2. Remove distractions to help your child concentrate. 3. Know that you are your child’s first and best teacher. 4. Follow your child’s lead. 5. Show enthusiasm. 6. Share books in playful ways.
Here’s a book called Wiggle! March! (hold up book - feel free to substitute another book with animal pictures) What do you notice about it? (Pause) Right! It doesn’t have any words. But it doesn’t need to have words for you to share it with your child! Encourage families to sing along after the first verse. Only sing about 3 to 5 animals - mark the page you want to start on with a paperclip.
I Went to Visit the Farm One Day I went to visit the farm one day.
I saw a horse across the way.
And what do you think the horse did say?
“Neigh, neigh, neigh.” I went to visit the farm one day.
I saw a cow across the way.
And what do you think the cow did say?
“Moo, moo, moo.” I went to visit the farm one day.
I saw a rooster across the way.
And what do you think the rooster did say?
“Cock-a-doodle-doo.” I went to visit the farm one day.
I saw a hen across the way.
And what do you think the hen did say?
“Cluck, cluck, cluck.” To share this book, you can tell a story about the animals. For instance, looking at the cover, you can say, “Here’s the duck. One day he went to the pond, had a swim, and then he came back home.” Or, you can describe a picture: “Here is the cow. She is white and here are her black spots. Shall we count them?” Telling stories, talking about the pictures, and singing about the book are all great ways to use books with your baby. The point is to have fun when you share books together. Doing this counts as “reading” to your infant or baby.
Take down the “Tips for Sharing Books” piece. Put the “Write” piece on the flannel board. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 18 Now we’re going to explore the early literacy practice of WRITING through Finger Plays! When we say “write”, we don’t actually expect babies to write! Holding a crayon is difficult at this age. What we mean by using the word “write” is helping children get ready to write by building up the muscles they are going to need for writing. Fingerplays like “This Little Piggy” helps babies practice separating their fingers. Babies start by being able to make a fist. Then they can grasp things. From there, they learn to move their fingers independently, which leads to being able to hold a crayon, pencil and then pen. Learning step by step is aided by rhymes and poems that enable babies to move their fingers independently. That’s why fingerplays are so import­ ant. Here’s an oldie but a goodie: This Little Piggy This little piggy went to market, Gently tug child’s pinky.
This little piggy stayed home.
Gently tug child’s ring finger. This little piggy had roast beef.
Gently tug child’s middle finger.
This little piggy had none.
Gently tug child’s index finger.
And this little piggy cried, Gently tug child’s thumb.
Wee wee wee wee—all the way home!
Give child a big tummy tickle!
Repeat using other hand. (Can also be used with toes.) Replace the “Write” piece with the “Play” piece. PLAY is an early literacy practice embodied in the “Peek-a-Boo” game.
Babies love to play peek-a-boo. It’s fun and it helps them to develop coping skills. They learn that even when they can’t see something or someone, they still exist. When the baby’s parent or caregiver leaves the room, the home, or the childcare center, this comforts babies by helping them understand that the separation is just temporary and this special person in their lives will return. Peek-a-boo reassures your baby that you will still be there, even when you can’t always be seen.
Peek-a-boo Peek-a-boo, I see you, I see you hiding there. Peek-a-boo, I see you, I see you smiling there. PEEK-A-BOO!
(Repeat) Babies learn and explore the world through play. They are little scientists constantly doing experiments and watch­ ing what goes on in the world around them. They love testing out the possibilities of each item they explore.
When you hand them a book, they play with it by turning the pages, sucking on it, and biting it. If you give them a ball (hold up a ball), they will notice sizes, textures, and colors. They’ll see if the ball is pushed, it rolls away. There are no mistakes in play, so if something doesn’t work the first time, they will try and try until they can figure out how to make it work. (It may take MANY TRIES...) The more they play, the more they learn. Replace the “Play” piece with the “Stations” piece.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 19 INTRODUCTION TO STATIONS We’ve gone through all five practices that you can use with your babies. Now it’s time for you to explore talking, singing, reading, writing, and playing with your baby in different ways through “Station Activities.” There are four tables around the room with signs for the first four practices: talk, sing, read, and write. You are invited to visit the tables. Each station has an activity based on one of the five practices. Flyers will remind you why that activity is important, list ways to do the activity with your child, and suggest ways to build on the activity outside of the library. When you’ve completed one activity station with your baby, move on to the next one. Feel free to take the flyer with you, and try the activities at home, too!
(Walk to each station or point to the tables while you are giving the explanation. Program participants should wait in the circle until the explanation is finished.) TALK At the TALK station, you can use puppets to talk with your babies. Put a puppet on your hand or finger and use it to describe what your baby is doing. Everyone loves hearing about themselves! When you (or the puppet) describe what your babies are doing, they pay extra attention and learn how the words connect with their actions. The flyers list more ways of using the puppet with your baby. Or you can use the puppet to have conversations with your baby. For instance, this puppet has a question for all of you. (Put a puppet on your hand and demonstrate a short conversation. For instance. “I love chocolate ice cream. Do you like chocolate ice cream? Everyone who likes chocolate ice cream, please raise your hand!) SING At the SING station (point), if you need a push to sing, use a pretend micro­ phone! (Show empty paper towel roll) What is more fun than pretending you are famous, singing into the microphone with a song dedicated to your baby? Song sheets and books have lyrics to songs you might want to use. To show that any kind of singing is beneficial, some iPads have been cued up with a rap version of the book “Llama Llama Red Pajama.” Try it!
READ At the READ station, you will have the opportunity to share this great book, Happy Baby, by Violet Lemay, with your baby. If you have a blanket or don’t mind putting your child directly on the floor, spread the book out like an accordion so all of the pages are vis­ ible. Then talk about the pictures or sing about them. Other board books are on the table, too. Feel free to share any of them with your baby in ways that feel comfortable to you. You’ll be planting the seeds for an interest in books.
WRITE At the WRITE station (point), prac­ tice writing using the “Literacy Bags.” Before starting, use a marker to write your child’s name on the tape at the top of the bag (show example). This way, if you drop your bag, we will know it belongs to you! Take the Literacy Bag home and continue using it to write and play together with your baby.
Don’t forget to look at the flyers with tips and sug­ gestions regarding what you can do at each station. You can take these flyers home with you.Once you’ve finished at one station, move to the next station or come back to the main circle. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 20 You’ll have 15 minutes to go through the stations. I’ll hit my tambourine to give you a 5 minute warning, and also to let you know when time is up (or some other way of indicating that time is up). We’ll all get together here in the circle for our very last activity — PLAY, but remain standing for that!
(Set your alarm or keep an eye on the clock to give a five minute warning. Tap on the tambourine to notify the partici­ pants when time is up.) NOTE: Depending on the size of the group and the needs of the facilitator, the stations can be handled in different ways.
•  For large crowds: Try counting off from one to four and choosing a specific amount of time for participants to be at each station. Inform everyone when it is time to rotate stations.
•  For smaller crowds: Encourage participants to go at their own pace, but inform them when it’s time to switch stations. It might be fun for a small group to go together from station to station.
•  If some parents do not want to go to the stations (i.e. if their baby has fallen asleep and they don’t want to move): Bring a “microphone”, board books, and literacy bag to them. Say, “even though your child is asleep, you can still practice some of the practices!” During station time, visit the tables and share tips from the prompts in a conversational manner.
Replace the “Stations” piece with “Play.” BACK TO CIRCLE TIME When station time is over, hit the tambourine and bring everyone back to circle.
It’s time to return to the circle! Please come back but don’t sit down yet. (Everyone comes back to the original circle, but remains standing.) WE’RE FINALLY GOING TO EXPLORE PLAY!
For the fifth practice, PLAY, we’re going to sing and dance the Hokey Pokey to help teach your baby about the names of parts of their bodies. You don’t need to use “right” or “left” though, just name the parts and what they do in the song.
If your baby is not yet walking, then hold him or her in your arms. Here we go!
The Hokey Pokey You put your hand in.
You take your hand out You put your hand in.
And you shake it all about.
You do the Hokey Pokey and you turn yourself around, That’s what it’s all about. Hey!
You put your foot in.
You take your foot out You put your foot in.
And you shake it all about.
You do the Hokey Pokey and you turn yourself around, That’s what it’s all about. Hey!
Tip: Naming parts of the body in a song is a good way for your babies to learn the names of things. Babies enjoy swaying and rocking with you because it reminds them of their time in the womb and is comforting to them.
Replace the “Play” piece with “Talk, sing, read, write play.” Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 21 CLOSING COMMENTS: Studies show that the number of words children know and can use when entering kindergarten affects their en­ tire education, making it easier for them to learn how to read. The easiest and best way to help your child build a large vocabulary is to share books, talk, sing and play with your child, starting from the very first moments you have together. Let’s sing the five practices’ song one more time!
Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play — Hooray!
Sing it with me!
Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write, play — Hooray!
This was workshop 1 in a series of Ready to Read Michigan workshops. We hope you will join us for “Sprouts” & “Bloomers,” for the next stages in your child’s early literacy development. Meanwhile, be sure to take our schedule of upcoming storytimes to continue to nourish your “Seedlings!” Replace the “Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play” piece with “Thanks for coming!” Please fill out the evaluation sheet before leaving; we would love to have your feedback on this program. I will be staying for the next 15 minutes, so if you have any questions about this program or about the library, I’d be happy to answer them. Over there (point) are the station flyers for you to take home based on the activities we did today. These in­ clude all of the words to the songs and rhymes we used. Please don’t wait for the next session to come and visit me here at the library! And don’t forget to check out our incredible children’s area! Thank you for coming. I hope to see you again soon.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 22 Sprouts Supplies & Preparation Supplies needed for this workshop: • Table for front of the room •  Four child-sized tables in the corners or the room or in a different part of the room •  Table near the door or just outside the door for take-away printed materials •  Some chairs around station tables and a chair for the program facilitator •  Tote bag or basket for collecting board books • Portable flannel board • Felt pieces • Storage bin • Labels for name tags • Markers for name tags •  Flip chart / White Board / or Smartboard & markers • Board books •  Books to read aloud: a lift-the-flap book Where’s Spot by Eric Hill; Brown Bear by Bill Martin Jr., illustrated by Eric Carle •  A red ball (or any other color that is one syllable!) • Signs for tables (4) • Wooden puzzles with big knobs • Assorted musical instruments • Laminated animal cards • Beehive coloring sheet • Plain paper • Crayons and/or markers for children •  Tips for Sharing Books found on page of reproducibles •  Optional Book: Celebrate the Scribble by Kathy Hirsh-Pasek and Roberta Golinkoff • Tambourine • Optional: Recording of freeze game Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 23 Preparation TO DO AHEAD OF TIME: • Print the TALK, SING, READ, and WRITE station signs • Make photocopies of the flyers for each table •  Print all of the flannel board templates; Cut around the edges and use tacky glue to stick them to felt. Let them dry overnight in an area where they can be spread out, without putting one on top of the other; When totally dry, place them in the storage bin one on top of the other in the order in which they will be used; The books do not have felt representations, but should be placed in order in the pile of felt pieces; Here is the order: 1. Ready to Read Michigan — Felt Piece 2. Welcome! — Felt Piece 3. TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY 4. TALK 5. SING 6. READ 7. Book(Wiggle! March!), Lift-the-flap Books (Brown Bear) 8. Tips for Sharing Books — Felt Piece 9. WRITE 10. PLAY 11. Stations — Felt Piece 12. PLAY 13. TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY 14. Thanks for coming! / Please fill out an evaluation — Felt Piece • Print beehive coloring sheets • Print as many activity packets for parents as necessary • Print animal cards. You may want to laminate them • Make photocopies of the evaluation sheet (or upload it on iPads) • Gather library publicity materials for display • Choose a puppet to use and store it in the storage bin •  Reserve a copy of Where’s Spot & Brown Bear, Brown Bear What Do You See? and put them in the storage bin (Also, Celebrate the Scribble, if available) TO DO ON THE DAY OF THE WORKSHOP: • Follow instructions at Setting Up for Parent/Family Workshops on page 8 •  Place the storage bin with all of the supplies underneath the flannel board; Just before the workshop starts, while keeping the felt pieces in order place them out of the reach of toddlers, but within easy reach of you and the flannel board • Place the board book you are going to use in the storage bin • Place a book with a repeating refrain in the bin • Put the “Ready to Read Michigan” felt piece at the top of the flannel board • Scatter board books around the room • If using a freeze game recording, queue it up Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 24 PREPARING THE STATIONS Place four child height tables with chairs around the perimeter of the room with a sign naming each table’s station. Place flyers and activity-related props on the tables.
TALK STATION The TALK sign goes in the middle of the table. Scatter wooden puzzles with knobs around the table. Optional: Place small baskets containing easily describable objects such as leaves and small balls on the table. Place a pile of flyers on the table, also.
SING STATION The SING sign goes in the middle of the table with egg shakers, tambourines, bells, or other musical rhythm instruments scattered around it. Homemade instruments, such as an empty water bottle with uncooked lentils inside, are also fine, as long as the top is glued on so it doesn’t accidently come off by mistake! Flyers with song lyrics should be available.
READ STATION The READ sign goes in the middle of the table with small piles of animal cards, a pile of flyers and some board books scattered around the table.
WRITE STATION Plain paper, beehive coloring sheets, and crayons in cups (one for each family) are set at each seat at the WRITE table.
Flyers describing the benefits of early writing expe­ riences are also placed on the table. (Place a copy of Celebrate the Scribble by Kathy Hirsh-Pasek and Roberta Golinkoff on the table for parents to browse through, if possible.) Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 25 Sprouts Program Order Introduction to Stations TALK: Wooden puzzles with knobs SING: Assorted musical instruments READ: Animal cards WRITE:  Blank paper, beehive coloring sheets, and crayons Back to Circle Time Play a freeze game Closing Comments TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY Evaluation reminder Thanks for coming! Sprouts Script CREATING A WELCOMING ATMOSPHERE •  Scatter board books on the floor and play soft music.
Greet each person who enters the room with a smile and welcoming “hello.” •  Ask participants to make name tags for themselves and their child.
•  Encourage parents to sit with their children and look at books together until the program begins. When it’s time to start, collect the books by walking around with a big basket or tote bag singing: Books away, books away, put your books away. •  Once all books have been collected, invite the adults to sit in a circle with their toddlers on their laps facing the flannel board. Chairs should be available for those who need them. • Take a seat next to the flannel board. Display the “Welcome” felt piece.
Creating a Welcoming Atmosphere I’m so glad to see you TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY The Five Practices TALK:  Name and something you like Hickory Dickory Dock Connection between vocabulary and school success SING:  Don’t worry if you can’t sing well The Bear Hokey Pokey READ:  Use sturdy books Tips for sharing books Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See? WRITE:  Moving each finger independently builds muscles. Here is the Beehive PLAY:  Play is how children learn.
Roll That Round Ball Down to Town Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 26 WELCOMING COMMENTS (Dexter the puppet appears) •  D: Ms Librarian, Ms. Librarian, What’s going on in the library today?
L: Hi Dexter. This workshop is for adults with children from 18 months to 3 years old. They’re here to learn “fun ways to help their children get ready to read.” •  D: Wow! What a lot of people.
L: Do you want to introduce yourself?
•  D: What? I’m too shy to go first. If they say their names first, I will say who I am.
L: That sounds fair. Let’s go around the circle and each person can tell us their name and something they like. (Say and clap welcome after each name). Dexter, did you hear that? Everyone told us their name. Can you introduce yourself now?
•  D: I’m Dexter. I live at the library and I LOVE library programs. I’m going to take a nap now, but you need to introduce yourself too!
L: Okay. Have a good nap, Dexter. Come back before we finish. (puppet disappears) Hi everyone! I’m Josey, the librarian here at My Library. I like books. Thanks for coming to Sprouts - Ready to Read Michigan Workshop. Before we start, let’s all stand up and sing this song.
I’m So Glad to See You I’m so glad to see you, I almost couldn’t wait, Can you clap your hands, and count to eight? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
I’m so glad to see you, I almost couldn’t wait, Can you turn around, and count to eight? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
I’m so glad to see you, I almost couldn’t wait, Can you stomp your feet, and count to eight? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
I’m so glad to see you, I almost couldn’t wait, Can sit right down, And count to eight? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
GROUND RULES: Children this age don’t sit perfectly still, and that’s fine. I’d like you to pretend there is an invisible circle around my flannel board, and if they come into this area, then please come up to get them, and bring them back to your place in the circle. Otherwise, it’s fine for them to wander around.
If you need to speak with your child, please quietly leave the room to talk, but don’t forget to come back as soon as you are ready.
Restrooms are located at Please put cell phones on silent. Parents are their child’s first teacher, and children learn best by imitating the people they love. In order to get the most out of today’s workshop, it’s important for you to do all of the activities as enthusiastically as possible. Save phone conversations and pictures for later, and be present with your toddler now.
If you have questions or comments, feel free to ask. Replace the “Welcome” piece with the “Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play” piece. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 27 FIVE PRACTICES INTRODUCTION There are five things you can do with your children regularly to help prepare them for learning to read which sets them on a lifetime path of success. You don’t need lots of money, you don’t need to have a college degree, and you don’t need to know how to read. You also don’t need to know how to speak English in order to give your toddler important “early literacy skills” that will benefit them throughout life. All you need to do is TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, and PLAY with them! That’s what today’s workshop is about. Here’s a song about it: Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play (tune of “Good Night Ladies”) Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Hooray!
Sing along with me.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Hooray!
Today, we are going to do all of those things in many fun ways.
Replace the “Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play” piece with the “Talk” piece. Let’s explore TALK I want to tell you about talking. Often, when people move and listen at the same time, they can hear better. So can you do what I’m doing as I talk to you? (Make movements that go with what you are saying. Use the suggestions below or make up your own.) (Make a puppet out of your hand touching fingers to thumb. Open and shut them.) Words help us express what we need, what we want, how we are feeling, and so much more! (Make two fists. Hold them with thumbs on top and palms facing each other. Tap them together in front of your chest.) Children learn words when you talk to them and they feel more connected with you.
(Tap on your head.) They understand more about the world around them. (Stack one fist on top of the other.) Talking with your child builds vocabulary. When you know more words, it’s easier to learn more.
(Interlace fingers together, raise hands and shake on one side and then the other.) Studies show that when children enter kindergarten knowing more words, they have better success with school. (Thumbs up with both hands).
But talking AT them isn’t enough. Using the words together, by having conversations, is the best. But what can you talk about? Anything! (Kick your feet or walk in place.) If you are walking outside and you see a stop sign, talk about the stop sign.
(Signal “Stop” with your hands and stop kicking/walking.) (Pretend to pick up a book.) If you pick up a book, talk about the cover of the book. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 28 (“Spoon” yourself some cereal.) If you’re eating cereal, talk about the name of the cereal, the color of the box, and the way the cereal tastes. Ask your children simple questions and give them time to respond. Let’s repeat that since you know what to do!
Do you find it easier to recall the tips I just gave because there is movement that goes along with it? What do you remember?
Reciting rhymes builds vocabulary and has lots of activities to do with them. For “Hickory Dickory Dock,” children can choose to sit on their parent’s laps or do this on their own. Put your knees on the floor straight in front of you. Put your child on your knees and start by leaning gently from side to side to the rhythm of the rhyme. Hickory Dickory Dock Hickory Dickory Dock, (Lean from side to side.) The mouse ran up the clock.
(Kick the floor gently but rapidly.) The clock struck one, (Clap) The mouse ran down (Kick the floor gently but rapidly.) Hickory Dickory Dock.
(Lean from side to side.) (Repeat) Replace the “Talk” piece with the “Sing” piece. SINGING is the next early literacy practice we’re going to focus on today: Whether or not you have a great singing voice, children enjoy the close feeling of singing with a grown up, especially one they love. Children love to sing songs over and over again, so choose your favorite songs and sing them often. There is no need to limit yourselves to children’s songs; any songs are fine. And if you feel like dancing, enjoy singing and dancing together! Let’s stand up, pretend we are bears, and do the Bear Hokey Pokey together.
(Everyone stands up.) Bears, show me your claws. (Pause) Show me your teeth. (Pause) Let’s sing and dance: The Bear Hokey Pokey You put your claw in, you take your claw out., You put your claw in, and you shake it all about. You growl the Hokey Pokey and you turn yourself around.
That’s what it’s all about, HEY!
Ok, now let’s try “growling” The Bear Hokey Pokey! Replace the “Sing” piece with the “Read” piece. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 29 Now we’ll explore READING with our Sprouts: Giving children a fun, loving introduction to books helps them grow up loving books and being great readers. Toddlers are excited by books that they can interact with, like lift-the-flap books. I’m going to read this one, and I want everyone to shout out what you see when I lift up the flaps. (Read a very short lift-the-flap book - Where’s Spot?” by Eric Hill.) Toddlers can’t read yet, but they can look at books, touch books, play with books and feel good about books. They feel safe and become interested and curious about reading as they sit close to you while you read to them. They learn about reading as you (or they!) turn pages. That’s why in a little while we are going to give you some fun books to look at together. Board books with few words and attractive pictures like this (show example) are great for toddlers because they are sturdy and not easily destroyed. Toddlers can practice turning pages with these, and the books won’t get destroyed!
There are many ways to “read” books with toddlers. Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See? is very popular with toddlers. Toddlers rarely sit still for long so looking at just one page, or two, or three is fine; you don’t have to read the whole story. (Show by example.) Instead of reading it aloud, you can talk about the pictures. (Show an illustration and talk about an animal. Walk like the animal and make sounds like the animal.) Or, look at the pictures and sing songs about them. If adding music to a book’s words sparks your child’s inter­ est, do it. When reading the book Brown Bear, Brown Bear, try using the tune to Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star to “read” the words. (Show by example.) Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see? I see a red bird looking at me. Telling stories, talking about the pictures, and singing the book are all great ways to use books with your child. The point is to have fun when you share books together. Doing this counts as “reading” to your child.
Replace the “Read” piece with the “Tips for Sharing Books” piece. At the end of this session, we have a packet for you to take home with all of the songs and activities we did today, plus some tips for reading and sharing books with your child at home: (show the hand-out) 1. Create a special place for reading. 2. Remove distractions to help your child concentrate. 3. Know that you are your child’s first and best teacher. 4. Follow your child’s lead. 5. Show enthusiasm. 6. Share books in playful ways.
Replace the “Tips for Sharing Books” with the “Write” piece. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 30 Now we’ll be looking at WRITING with your Sprouts: When we say “write”, we don’t actually expect children to write! Children get ready to write by building up the muscles they are going to need.
Fingerplays like “Here Is the Beehive” helps toddlers practice separating their fingers. Babies start by being able to make a fist. (Make a fist) Then they can grasp things. (Grasp) From there, they learn to move their fingers in­ dependently. (Wiggle fingers) This leads to being able to hold a crayon, pencil and then pen. Learning step by step is aided by rhymes that enable children to move their fingers independently. This fingerplay does just that, while also giving children an early introduction to math: Here is the Beehive Here is the beehive, but where are the bees?
(Make a fist) Hidden inside, where nobody sees. (Move other hand around your fist) Watch and you’ll see them come out of the hive... (Bend your closer to “watch” the hive) 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 (Open fist by counting with fingers) BUZZZZ! (Tickle your child’s tummy) (Repeat) Replace the “Write” piece with “Play.” PLAY is also one of the five practices in early literacy: This game involves sharing and being patient. I’m going to roll the ball to someone on the other side of the circle while singing a song. We’ll continue singing the song together as whoever gets the ball rolls it to someone else. Keep singing until everyone has a chance to roll the ball.
For a small group, use one ball. For a larger group, use two balls. For a huge group, have people partner up. Roll That Round Ball Down to Town Roll that round ball down to town. (4x) (repeat as many times as needed) (Continue rolling the ball until everyone has had a turn) (Talk to adults as the game is going on.) A simple game like this gives toddlers the opportunity to practice waiting for their turn, sharing with others, following directions, and feel proud of themselves for doing what they were asked to do. Try playing this game with your toddler at home! (You may want to share other literacy tips here.) Simple games like peek-a-boo, clapping out your names, dancing together, and rolling a ball back and forth are different kinds of valuable play. Lots of toddlers like fingerplays and knee bounces, too. They all require using words, so they are all helping your child build early literacy skills.
Replace the “Play” piece with “Stations.” Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 31 INTRODUCTION TO STATIONS We’ve gone through all five practices that you can use with your children. Now it’s time for you to explore talking, singing, reading, writing, and playing with your children in different ways through “Station Activities.” You’ll see that there are four tables around the room with signs for the first four practices, talk, sing, read, and write. (Point to the appropriate table as you say this.) You are invited to visit each station and participate in an activity based on one of the five practices, which I’ll explain. When you’ve completed one activity station with your toddler, move on to the next one. (If possible, walk to each station while you are giving the explanation while program participants wait in the circle.) TALK TALKING introduces children to words. It’s easier to read a word that they’ve seen or heard before. Knowing the meanings of many words makes it easier to read, also. Conversations are valuable for helping children to learn new words and new information. Asking your child questions, listening to the answers, and responding is important. Playing with puzzles is a great time for conversations. While trying to do the puzzle, talk aloud: “What will fit here?” “Do you think this piece is too big?” “Hm, it doesn’t seem to be fitting in. What can we do to make it fit?” When your child is working on the puzzle, narrate what is happening: “You’re checking to see if the piece fits there,” “You’re trying a different piece,” and “You did it!” There is a lot to talk about with puzzles; it also builds problem-solving skills as toddlers try to figure out how the pieces fit. Important Tip: Try not to show your child how to complete the puzzle but encourage him or her to move the pieces with small verbal hints or motions. (Show an example of this.) With puzzles and any other skills your child is in the process of developing, you want them to keep trying. Let them make mistakes and encourage their efforts to master those skills. Because you want to reinforce their persistence, praise them by saying “You really worked hard to put that in,” “You really tried a lot!” or “You tried lots of different ways!” Praising the effort more than the result sends the message that continuing to work on something, even if it’s difficult at first, is what you value. If you don’t have large wooden puzzles with knobs, put a variety of items on the table, such as leaves, balls, puppets, and small bowls. Ask parents to choose one of the items and talk about it with their child. Or laminate pictures of objects and ask parents to talk about them with their toddlers. Choose pictures with some similarities such as some red objects, green objects, and yellow objects that can also be sorted by type (i.e. fruits, vehicles, etc.) or some other shared common factor (i.e. it is a square shape.) SING The SING station (point to table) uses songs and instruments as a fun way to learn about language. Songs often have words not heard in everyday conversations that may introduce and describe new concepts. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 32 When singing, words are sung slowly and are broken into syllables. Being able to hear the sounds in words is another early literacy skill. Many rhymes also help children hear the sounds in words which helps them learn how to read. A study showed that children who knew eight or more nursery rhymes by the time they entered kindergarten were better readers by third grade! Let’s clap to Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star.
Twinkle, twinkle, little star. How I wonder what you are.
Up above the world so high. Like a diamond in the sky.
Twinkle, twinkle, little star. How I wonder what you are.
Clapping to the beat while singing calls attention to the syllables. At the Sing Station, you are asked to sing a song or two with your child. Any song is fine, but let’s see if we can come up with a few good ones that many people know. Name a few good songs and I’ll write them on this flipchart/ whiteboard/ smart board. When you’re at the Sing Station, if you need a hint about what to sing, just look over here! In place of clapping, you can use a musical instrument!
Ask if anyone has a song suggestion. If not, you can mention: • Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star • The Wheels on the Bus • The A, B, C song Any song will work. It doesn’t have to be in English. If it is a song that you know and like to sing, your child will enjoy singing it with you. READ The third station (point to table) focuses on reading. Seeing printed words shows children that letters, words, and writing have meaning. Learning how to recognize symbols is a first step to recognizing letters and reading so identifying pictures helps your child get ready to read. Each one of the animal cards on the table has a picture of an animal on the front, and some information about the animal on the back. Ask your child to pick a card and then talk about the name of the animal, the sound it makes, and the way it moves. Then take turns pretending to be the animal!
A few cards have imaginary animals on them. You and your toddler can make up your own name for the animal, and create your sounds and movements. WRITE At the Write station (point), there are large crayons and a coloring sheet with a picture of a beehive on it. The beehive is supposed to remind you of the Beehive rhyme we recited earlier. First, take your child’s finger and trace it over the outline of the hive. Then share some crayons with your child and decorate it together. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 33 Choose one of the following tips: 1.  Scribbling is a major step to writing. To scribble, children have to grip the crayon, which strengthens muscles for writing. As toddlers get older, they spend longer periods of time on their scribbling. This helps them develop a good attention span, which is needed when they get to school! 2.  Scribbling gives children practice making choices; they are choosing which colors to use, how hard to press the crayon, and which lines or shapes to make. Making decisions leads to self-confidence and self-pride. Using different writing objects such as crayons and markers builds excitement for writing.
At home, to make sure your toddler’s scribbling stays on paper (rather than on your walls and floors), only bring out the crayons and paper when you can supervise or scribble along with your child.
After station time, I recommend taking your child’s creation home with you and putting it up on your fridge or bulletin board or taping it to the window for a few days. This will show your toddlers that you are proud of their work and encourage them to do more! There is some blank paper on the table, so you (and your child) can also use the opportunity to draw a picture of your own. If your child is very verbal, take turns describing what you have drawn. You can talk about the colors and sizes and shapes. You’ll have 15 minutes to go through all three stations. When 15 minutes are up, I’ll hit my tambourine (or some other way of indicating that time is up) and we’ll all get together here in the circle again for our very last activity— PLAY!
We will finish off with a great big, PLAYFUL, circle time together!
 (Set your alarm or keep an eye on the clock to give a five-minute warning. Tap on the tambourine to notify the participants when time is up.) NOTE: Depending on the size of the group and the needs of the facilitator, the stations can be handled in different ways. • To prevent overcrowding, you may want to limit the time at each station.
•  For large crowds, try counting off from one to four and choosing a specific amount of time for participants to be at each station. Inform everyone when it is time to rotate stations.
•  For smaller crowds, you may want to encourage participants to go at their own pace, but inform them when it’s time to switch stations. It might be fun for a small group to go together from station to station.
•  If some parents do not want to go to the stations (i.e. if their toddler has fallen asleep and they don’t want to move), bring some station supplies to them. Say, “even though your child is asleep, you can still quietly sing or read aloud.” You may want to walk by the tables and share tips from the prompts in a conversational manner.
Replace the “Stations” piece with the “Play” piece.
BACK TO CIRCLE TIME It’s time to return to the circle! Please come back but don’t sit down yet.
(Everyone comes back to the original circle, but remains standing.) Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 34 PLAY Parents, what word do all children need to learn? (Pause for answers) Yes, “Stop!’ Freeze games teach them how to stop when asked, even if they are having fun and don’t really want to stop. Being able to do what you are supposed to do, even if you would prefer to do something else, is called “self-reg­ ulation.” Freeze dances are a great way to practice and learn self-regulation. Everybody, stand up. If your child isn’t walking yet, hold your child in your arms. (If you’d prefer to sit, hold your child and rock while holding your child in your lap!) We’re going to do a freeze dance, so listen closely. When the music stops, you stop dancing and freeze! Play a Freeze Game Play a freeze game by asking everyone to move and stop when you hit the tambourine, or use a recorded freeze game.
(Recommended freeze dances by Hap Palmer are: Rock and Roll Freeze or Wiggy Wiggy Wiggles; by Jim Gill are Silly Dance Contest and Jumping and Counting.) Replace the “Play” piece with “Talk, Sing, Read, Write Play.” CLOSING COMMENTS: The number of words children know and can use when entering kindergarten affects their entire education, making it easier for them to learn how to read. The best and easiest way to help build your child’s vocabulary is to talk, sing, read, write, and play. Try doing something every day! Let’s sing the five practices’ song one more time!
Talk, Sing, Read, Write Play Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play — Hooray!
Everyone, sing it with me!
Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play — Hooray!
This was the second workshop in a series of three Ready to Read Michigan workshops. “Sprouts” was for your tod­ dlers. Next year, please join us for “Bloomers,” for children ages 3-5, the next stages in your child’s early literacy de­ velopment. Meanwhile, be sure to take our schedule of upcoming story times to continue to nourish your “Sprouts!” Replace the “Talk, Sing, Read, Write Play” piece with “Thanks for coming!” / Please fill out an evaluation.
(Dexter the puppet returns) •  D: Hi everybody. Raise your hand if you had a good time today. (Pause) I love the library. I hope you come back again! Bye! (Dexter leaves) Please fill out the evaluation sheet before leaving; we would love to have your feedback on this program. I will be staying for the next 15 minutes; if you have any questions about this program or about the library, I will be happy to answer them. Thank you again for coming. Over there (point) are flyers for you to take home based on the activities we did today. These include all of the words to the songs and rhymes we used. Please don’t wait for the next session to visit me here at the library! And don’t forget to check out our incredible children’s area.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 35 Bloomers Supplies & Preparation Supplies needed for this workshop: • Table for front of the room • Three child-sized tables in the corners or the room or in a different part of the room • Table near the door or just outside the door for take-away printed materials • Some chairs for participants & a chair for the facilitator Portable flannel board • Felt pieces • Storage bin • Tambourine • Stickers for name tags • Markers for name tags • Signs for Tables (4) • Scissors for cutting tape • Tape for Dice • Dice Templates (preprinted and empty • Empty paper towel rolls • Empty tissue boxes • Books: I Don’t Want to be a Frog; Brown Bear, Brown Bear • A mat or towel • Small blocks if possible • Heart Template • Optional: ABC mats Preparation TO DO AHEAD OF TIME: •  Ask the public and library staff to bring in empty tissue boxes and empty paper towel rolls for an upcoming program • Print & laminate a station sign for Talk, Write, Sing, and Play • Make photocopies of each related flyer for each table • Make photocopies of the dice and heart templates •  Print all of the flannel board templates; Cut around the edges and use tacky glue to stick them to felt; Let them dry overnight in an area where they can be spread out, without putting one on top of the other; When totally dry, place them in the storage bin one on top of the other in the order in which they will be used; Books with italicized titles should be placed directly inbetween the flet pieces Felt pieces in this order: 1. Ready to Read Michigan — Felt Piece 2. Welcome — Felt Piece 3. TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY 4. SING Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 36 5. READ 6. Book: I Don’t Want to Be a Frog 7. Tips for Read Books Aloud — Felt Piece 8. WRITE 9. PLAY 10. Stations — Felt Piece 11. SING 12. TALK, SING, READ, WRITE and PLAY 13. Thanks for coming! — Felt Piece • Print as many activity packets for parents as necessary • Make photocopies of the evaluation sheet or upload it on iPads • Gather library publicity materials for display TO DO ON THE DAY OF THE WORKSHOP: • Follow instructions at Setting Up for Parent/Family Workshops on page 8 •  Place the storage bin with all of the supplies underneath the flannel board; Just before the workshop starts, while keeping the felt pieces in order place them out of the reach of toddlers, but within easy reach of you and the flannel board • Put the “Ready to Read Michigan” felt piece at the top of the flannel board • Put scissors and tape at the Talk table PREPARATION FOR STATIONS Place four child-sized tables with chairs around the perimeter of the room. On each table display a sign naming one of four practices (not all five). Props related to the activity for that practice also belong on the table. TALK/READ  Scattered around the TALK table are the activity dice, with scissors and tape.
Flyers with tips should also be on the table. WRITE  Put Heart templates, crayons, and pencils on the WRITE table. ABC mats are optional. SING/TALK  Scattered around the SING table are empty paper towel rolls to be used as microphones and a songsheet (today’s songs) with a developmental tip.  Next to where the PLAY table should be, place numerous empty tissue boxes that will be used as building bricks on the floor. Put the sign on top of the bricks and the flyers next to them.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 37 Bloomers Program Order Creating a Welcoming Atmosphere The More We Get Together TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY The Five Practices TALK:  My favorite food is...
Alligator, Alligator SING:  Slows down words and divides them into syllables: Zoom, Zoom, Zoom READ:  Dialogic Reading Book: “I Don’t Want to Be a Frog” Tips for Sharing Books WRITE:	 Fingerplays develop muscles for later writing I Have Ten Little Fingers and They All Belong to Me PLAY: Block Building Game Introduction to Stations TALK: Activity dice WRITE:	Write or draw how your feel SING: Sing some songs PLAY:  Observe children during block play and see different skills in use Back to Circle Time SING: Che Che Koolay VOTE: What did you like today?
TALK, SING, READ, WRITE, PLAY Closing Comments: Fill out evaluations Thanks for coming Bloomers Script CREATING A WELCOMING ATMOSPHERE • Scatter some picture books on the floor • Greet each person who enters the room with a smile and welcoming “hello” • Ask each person to make a name tag and point to the name tag table •  Encourage parents to sit with their children and look at books together until the program begins; When it’s time to start the program, collect the books by walking around with a big basket or tote bag singing: Books away, books away, put your books away today •  Once all books have been collected, invite everyone to sit in a circle on the floor facing the flannel board. Chairs should be available for those who need them • Take a seat next to the table Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 38 WELCOMING COMMENTS Display the “Welcome” felt piece.
Welcome everyone to Bloomers and introduce yourself, making eye contact and responding with a personal welcome as you go around the circle.
Welcome to Ready to Read, Michigan. Since you are your children’s best teacher. and everyone enjoys fun activities, we are going to have fun today while talking about ways to build and strengthen your children’s early literacy skills. First, let’s sing a song! The More We Get Together The more we get together, together, together, The more we get together, the happier we’ll be. ‘Cause your friends are my friends, And my friends are your friends. The more we get together, the happier we’ll be.
Let’s go around the circle and introduce ourselves. (After each person says their name, be sure to respond with “Welcome,” “Thank you for coming,” or “I’m glad you are here.”) FIVE PRACTICES INTRODUCTION Replace the “Welcome” piece with the “Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play” piece.
There are five things adults can do with their children regularly to help prepare them for school, to give them a better chance at workplace success, and to set them on a lifetime path of success. You don’t need lots of money, you don’t need to have a college degree, you don’t need to know how to read, and you don’t need to know how to speak English. It’s easy to give your children important “early literacy skills” that will benefit them throughout life.That’s what this workshop is about. All you need to do is Talk, Sing, Read, Write, and Play with them! There’s even a song about it: Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play (tune of “Good Night Ladies”) Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Hooray!
Now please sing it along with me. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Hooray! Replace the “Talk, sing, read, write, play” piece with the “Talk” piece. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 39 TALK Let’s go around the circle and each person can fill in the words to this sentence: “My name is and my favorite food is .” There is no wrong or right answer. In good times and difficult times, we need to be able to use words to communicate and a question like this is a good way to start. Take a minute to think about your favorite foods. I’ll go first.
“I’m Betsy. My favorite food is broccoli because it is green and looks like trees.” Now let’s go around the circle and hear from everyone else.
(Go around the circle, giving everyone a turn. Say “Thank you for sharing,” to each person.) Talking with your children in any language helps build their language skills. The more words children know, the more easily they can tell you their needs and wants, their ideas, and their feelings. Reciting rhymes is one way to talk with your children. Here’s one I’d like to share with you: First, I’m going to show you the motions and I’d like you to do them along with me.
(can be found at: https://youtu.be/a_o2QShNMDg) (Place palms together; open and close hands like an alligator’s mouth.) Here’s an alligator and he is very hungry. He is opening and closing his mouth because he is so hungry.
(Place side of one hand over eyes as if searching for something.) He is busy looking for something to eat when he spies a frog sitting on a log. He thinks the frog will be delicious, so he dives down into the water towards the frog. Put one hand up like this. (Hold right hand poised over right shoulder.) This is the alligator getting ready to dive.
Put your other hand out like this (Hold left hand flat with palm facing up.) Now, dive! (Dive right hand down, palm down, slapping left hand on the way.) Let’s try it again… “Down!” And one more time…”Down!” One last time… “Down goes the alligator!” The frog doesn’t want to be eaten and he sees the alligator dive, so he jumps off his log. It goes around and around. (Rolling motion with both hands.) But does the alligator eat the frog? No! The frog swims away. (Swimming motion with both hands.) Now I’m going to say the words and I’d like you to do the motions with me. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 40 Alligator, Alligator (Place palms together; open and close hands like an alligator’s mouth.) Alligator, alligator, sitting on a log.
(Place side of one hand over eyes as if searching for something.) Down in the water he sees a frog. (Hold left hand flat with palm facing up. Hold right hand poised over right shoulder. Dive right hand down, palm down, slapping left hand on the way.) Down goes the alligator, (Rolling motion with both hands.) Around goes the log, (Swimming motion with both hands.) Away swims the frog. Let’s try it again. (Repeat) Now do it using our low voices. (Say “low” in a low voice. Do the whole rhyme using a low voice.) Now we’ll do it using our high voices. (Say “high” in a high voice. Do the whole rhyme using a high voice.) Now let’s do it using our soft voices. (Say “soft” in a whisper. Do the whole rhyme in a whisper.) Now let’s do it using our LOUD voices. (Say “LOUD” in a very loud voice. Do the whole rhyme in a loud voice.) Now let’s use our normal tones of voice. (Do the entire rhyme in a normal tone of voice.) Isn’t that fun? It’s a bit hard though; the words don’t always seem to flow. If I had asked you to repeat it with me seven times, you would have gotten bored. But when I did it slightly differently each time, it was interesting. Al­ though you didn’t know the rhyme when I first did it, you probably all know it now. So let’s repeat it one more time… in a normal voice.
(Repeat) The best way to learn is through repetition. Children’s brains are like sponges and they are always soaking up new information. When they really like something, they want to repeat it over and over. Since nothing ever hap­ pens exactly the same way twice, each time it is repeated, they learn more. So don’t be surprised if they want to hear the same story over and over again.
When you’re home, repeat the Alligator rhyme as many times as you want. Maybe you can even figure out some new ways to do it, and you can let me know!
Replace the “Talk” piece with the “Sing” piece.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 41 SING Singing slows down words and divides them by sounds. Being able to hear the sounds in words is a beginning reading skill. Since songs often use words that we don’t use in our normal speech, singing increases vocabulary. Here’s a popular rocket ship song. Zoom, Zoom, Zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom, we’re going to the moon (2x) (Rub hands together while rocking them in the air) If you want to take a trip, climb aboard by rocket ship (Bend one arm at the elbow with fingers facing up. “Walk” fingers of the other hand up the outstretched arm.) Zoom, zoom, zoom, we’re going to the moon. (Rub hands together while rocking them in the air) 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, zero BLAST OFF! (Hold up 10 fingers and count down. On “BLAST OFF,” jump up!) (Repeat) Choose one of these three tips to use: 1.  Musical experiences in childhood speed up brain development, especially in the areas of language and reading skills. 2.  Music helps children’s minds and bodies work together. It combines all areas of development that children need for managing in school, including thinking skills and vocabulary, social and emotional skills, motor skills like eye-hand coordination, and language. 3.  Singing with children helps them learn the sounds and meanings of words. It also strengthens memory skills and promotes happiness.
Whether or not you have a great singing voice, children enjoy the close feeling of singing with a grown up, espe­ cially one they love. So, sing together! Don’t limit yourselves to children’s songs; some people just make up their own songs and that is fine.
Let’s sing “Zoom, Zoom, Zoom” one more time. (Repeat) Replace the “Sing” piece with the “Read” piece. READ (Below is a script for the book I Don’t Want to Be a Frog by Dev Petty, illustrated by Mike Boldt. There is no need to stick with this book, however. Feel free to choose another book that you enjoy reading aloud that has parts where children can chime in such as Angela’s Airplane by Robert Munsch, Bubble Gum, Bubble Gum by Lisa Wheeler, or Wide-Mouthed Frog by Keith Faulkner.) Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 42 STORY: Here’s a story about a frog who was not very happy about being a frog. It’s called I Don’t Want to Be a Frog and the author is Dev Petty. The pictures were drawn by an illustrator named Mike Boldt.
(Show book cover.) Does the frog on the cover of this book look happy? Raise your hand if you think he looks happy. Raise your hand if you think he does not look happy. What is he doing that makes you think he is happy or not? (Pause for brief answers. If someone talks for more than 20 seconds, say, “Let’s hear what someone else has to say.” Don’t feel the need to let everyone have a chance to share their opinion; listening to two or three answers is enough.) Let’s see what the frog has to say. Read the book aloud. Or, if you have enough copies of this book (or a different book that you plan to use), hand a book to each parent and ask them to share it with their children as you read your copy aloud.
When the book is done say: Now that we’ve finished reading the book, do you think the frog is happy or sad? Why or why not? (Call on people who haven’t yet spoken, limit answers to one minute each, and call on a maximum of 3 people to answer.) CHOOSE ONE OR MORE OF THE FOLLOWING TIPS: 1.  Preschoolers are old enough to express their opinions, and a great way to start a conversation is to share a book together. Learning to say what you think in ways that other people understand is a communication skill. 2.  Looking together at book covers, adding up the clues and trying to guess what the story will be about before reading the book sparks interest and begins conversations. Once you’ve finished reading the book aloud, you can revisit the original predictions and see if they match the storyline or not. This is called “dialogic reading.” When you’re home, see if you remember the story we read here today and share your thoughts about it. If you like the story, borrow the book from the library and read it together again and again. Try stopping somewhere in the middle and see if you both remember what is going to happen next. Sharing books is a wonderful way to spend quality time together and it builds literacy skills. Replace the “Read” with the “Write” panel.
Now we’re going to explore how to Write with your Bloomers.
(Go around the circle and give everyone a piece of scrap paper while asking the following question.) If you like poking your fingers into Play-Doh or cookie dough, raise your hand! (Pause and look.) Poking fingers into Play-Doh or cookie dough strengthens hand muscles and gives practice using fingers inde­ pendently of one another. In order to write, you need to be able to use these muscles and coordinate your finger positions to properly hold a crayon, pen, or pencil.
Can you all count to three with me? When we get to three, scrunch your paper into a ball as small as you can. One..., two..., three! (Wait while everyone scrunches it into a ball.) Now, let’s count to three again. When we get to three, unscrunch it and smooth it out to make it flat! One..., two..., three!
(While they are unscrunching, say the following.) Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 43 Crunching paper, using tweezers, and placing pegs in a pegboard increases hand strength. Hand, finger, and upper body strength; eye-hand coordination; and the ability to manipulate objects are all needed for writing. As you see, there are lots of ways to practice these “pre-writing skills.” Now I’m going to put a garbage can in the middle of our circle and you can all come up and throw your papers away while we sing a “clean-up” song.
(Put garbage can in center of circle.) Papers Away Papers away, papers away, Throw your papers away today.
(Take garbage can out of order.) By singing a “clean-up” song, throwing the papers away becomes fun rather than being a chore. Children happily drop their papers into the garbage can. Try this when it is time to clean up at home, by singing, “Toys away, toys away, put your toys away today.” But put them back on the shelf and not in the trash!
Doing fingerplays (songs and rhymes that have finger movements to go along with them) strengthens muscles. Doing fingerplays also helps to coordinate eyes with hand movements. So let’s do a fingerplay! I Have Ten Little Fingers I have ten little fingers and they all belong to me.
I can make them do things, just you wait and see.
I can shut them up tight, or open them wide I can put them together, or make them all hide.
I can make them jump high, I can make them jump low.
I can fold them quietly, and hold them just so.
Do you have ten fingers, too?
Let me see!
1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10!
(Repeat) Replace the “Write” piece with the “Play” piece.
(Walk around the circle and hand out a small block, or an empty tissue box to each child. Place a mat or towel on the floor.) Play is the final practice we’ll be exploring: Every child has a block. I’d like to invite you to go around the circle and one at a time, place your block on the pad in the middle. Let’s see what we can build if everyone adds their block one at a time. Parents, please help your child wait until the child before them is finished.
(While the children are doing this you can say:) Through play we learn to solve problems. Children try new things without worrying about making mistakes. Building jointly with blocks involves getting along with other people, taking turns, and sharing. Playtime is time for testing out ideas, or having fun, and developing the imagination. Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 44 When playing with your child, you are sharing lots of language, ideas and love. How wonderful to have that time together! They won’t always be this young, so make the most of the time you have. (If the blocks fall down say, “Opps, don’t worry! That’s fine. Blocks always fall down eventually. That’s part of the fun.” When the blocks are done, ask each child to take a block and put it in a big bag while you sing “Blocks Away.”) Replace the “Play” piece with the “Stations” piece.
INTRODUCTION TO STATIONS We’ve gone through all five practices: talk, sing, read, write, and play. Now it’s time for you to explore talking, singing, reading, writing, and playing through some “Station Activities.” You’ll see that there are some tables around the room with signs for some of the practices. (Point to the tables as you say this.) You are invited to go around the room to the different stations. At each station is an activity based on some of the five practices. When you have completed one activity station, move on to the next one. I’m going to explain each station but there are also written prompts at each one. TALK/READ The first station has animal activities that involve READING, PLAYING, and TALKING. Recognizing printed words in the world around them shows children that letters, words and writing have mean­ ing. Being able to give the right answer helps children feel good about themselves and learning how to recognize symbols is a first step to recognizing letters and reading. Display the Activity Dice Templates and one completed example. These are called “Activity Dice.” There are pictures of animal activities on each side. You or your child can cut them on the solid lines around the edges. Fold them on the dotted lines, and tape the surfaces together. (Show an example of the RTRM Activity Dice, have blank ones available for families to create their own.) Take turns rolling the dice and doing what the dice tells you to do. Use the ready-made dice or create your own.
Take your dice home with you and play with your entire family! WRITE At the WRITE station (point), there are sheets of paper with an outline of a heart and a bunch of markers. All of you are invited to write about or draw inside the heart something that you love. Scribbling is fine — it is the first step to writing. Adults, feel free to make your own hearts and let your children make their own, too. (Show example.) At this station, you are expressing yourselves through writing. Perfection is not the goal! Don’t worry what the end product will look like. When you finish, show your hearts to each other and talk about what you put inside. What a great way to share your feelings with each other. Especially during trying and stressful times, being able to voice concerns in any way is helpful for relieving stress.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 45 SING/TALK At station three, take one of the microphones (empty towel rolls), and pretend you are on television. Interview your “guest.” What do you want to ask? Instead of only asking yes or no questions, try asking questions like “What makes you happy?” Open-ended questions get answers that are much more interesting. Take turns interviewing each other. Then use the microphone to sing a song. PLAY/TALK At the fourth station, PLAY/TALK, instead of a table there is a pile of cardboard blocks. Block play builds lots and lots of skills. See if you can build a tower that doesn’t fall. It doesn’t usually work on the first try so you have to pay attention to what is going on and be willing to try over and over again. You have to figure out what needs to happen to get the tower to stand without crashing down. When you keep trying, you will learn which blocks will balance, which part of the tower tips, which blocks are heavy and which are light. Block play involves physics and engineering skills. Because there are lots of blocks in the station, you will need to work with other children and adults to build your tower. This means you have to talk and listen to each other. You can also use your imagination, since a block can become anything. Cardboard blocks can be easily made out of everyday items. Empty tissue boxes, cereal boxes, or boxes from Amazon can be taped shut and become building blocks at home. Your children can use their imagination to decorate them. Station time is starting now. You’ll have 15 minutes and you can go to as many or as few stations as your child wants. Stay at any station as long as you’d like, or try to go to all of the stations.
In 15 minutes, I’ll ask everyone to return the circle for a wrap-up activity.
Station Time (Set your alarm or keep an eye on the clock to give a five minute warning. Tap on the tambourine to notify workshop participants when time is up.) NOTE: Depending on the size of the group and the needs of the facilitator, the stations can be handled in different ways.
•  For large crowds, try counting off from one to four and choosing a specific amount of time for participants to be at each station. Inform everyone when it is time to rotate stations.
•  For smaller crowds, you may want to encourage participants to go at their own pace, but inform them when it’s time to switch stations. It might be fun for a small group to go together from station to station.
You may want to walk by the tables and share tips from the flyers in a conversational manner.
Replace the “Stations” piece with the “Sing” piece.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 46 RETURN TO CIRCLE TIME PLAY/SING It’s time to return to the circle! Please come back but don’t sit down yet.
Here is a call-and-response song that many people think is from Ghana, “Che Che Koolay.” You’ll see, it’s almost exactly like Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes! Now, repeat after me: Che Che Kule Leader: Che che koolay (put your hands on your head.) Group: Che che koolay Leader: Che che kofi sa (put your hands on your shoulders.) Group: Che che kofi sa Leader: Kofi sa langa (put your hands on your waist.) Group: Kofi sa langa Leader: Kaka shi langa (put your hands on your knees.) Group: Kaka shi langa Leader: Kum ah den deh (put your hands on your ankles.) Group: Kum ah den deh All together: Kum ah den deh - Hey! (throw your hands in the air.) Let’s do it again! (Repeat) Phew! I’m ready to sit down and I think you are too!
CLOSING COMMENTS: Now it’s time to vote on the activities you liked best.
Everyone who liked “Alligator, Alligator,” raise your hand. (Pause and look around.) Everyone who liked “Zoom, Zoom, Zoom, We’re Going to the Moon,” raise your hand. (Pause and look around.) Everyone who liked singing “The More We Get Together,” raise your hand. (Pause and look around.) Everyone who liked the book I Don’t Want to Be a Frog, raise your hand. (Pause and look around.) Everyone who liked the station activities, playing with the dice, writing in the heart and playing with blocks raise your hand. (Pause and look around.) (Feel free to name more activities or to take some of these out.) Everyone who liked every single thing we did here today, talking, singing, reading, writing, and playing, raise both hands, and say, “WOOO WOOO WOO WOO.” (Show by example, pause and look around.) Wow, that’s great!
Before we end, let’s do “Alligator, Alligator” one last time. (Recite the rhyme with accompanying motions twice.) Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 47 Replace the “Stations” piece with the “Thanks for coming!” piece.
Thank you for joining us today for Ready to Read - Bloomers for preschoolers and their important adults. I hope you had a good time while hearing about the importance of talking, singing, reading , writing, and playing with your children. Since you’ve seen how easy these practices are, I hope you will continue doing these and other activities together at home. Before you leave, on that table (point) are packets that have all of the activity flyers along with all the songs and rhymes we used today. Feel free to take a packet home home with you.
Also, please fill out the evaluation sheet before leaving; we would love to have your feedback on this program. I will be staying for the next 15 minutes, so if you have any questions about Bloomers or about the library, I’d be happy to answer them. And don’t forget to check out our incredible children’s area! Let’s sing the five practices’ song one more time before you go.
Replace the “Thanks for coming!” panel with the “Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play” panel.
Talk, Sing, Read, Write Play Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play — Hooray!
Everyone, sing it with me!
Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play. Talk, sing, read, write play — Hooray!
Thank you again for coming. I hope to see you again soon!
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 48 Early Childhood Educators Workshops Growing Early Literacy Skills Through Songs and Rhymes Presentation Slide Deck Agenda for Early Childhood Providers I. Welcome and Introductions II. Early Literacy A. Ages and stages B. Six skills to be ready to read C. Five practices D. Connection between literacy and success E. Rhythm & rhyme III. Putting It Into Practice A. Communication skills via “The Eency Weency Spider” B. Looking at Eency Weency through the lens of the five practices C. Providing visual representation D. Singing E. Using repetition to support brain development IV. Nursery Rhymes A. Following directions with Humpty Dumpty B. Short history of nursery rhymes C. Expanding on nursery rhymes D. Ages and stages with “Two Little Pretty Birds” and “Two Little Penguins” V. Group Activities: A. Charting the rhymes B. Sharing time C. Make and take: pizza box flannel boards D. Creating you own pieces E. Development tips VI. Closing & Questions A. What will you take back and use? B. Library resources C. Thank you and evaluations Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 49 Supplies & Preparation & Set-up Supplies needed for this workshop: • Adult-sized chairs and tables • Projection screen • LED projector or built-in projecting system • Clicker for advancing slides • Speakers (if there is not a built-in sound system) • Stickers & permanent markers for name tags • A laptop or jump drive with the Power Point on it • Clean, empty, pizza boxes • Felt (by the yard & in colorful sheets) • Optional: googly eyes • Tacky glue and/or hot glue guns and refills • Scissors that can easily cut felt • A felt banana piece • A felt friendly-looking spider Preparation TO DO AHEAD OF TIME: •  Visit your local pizza parlors and ask for a number of clean pizza boxes (enough so each workshop participant can have one and you can make a sample); Mention that you will happily send the business owner a thank you letter for the pizza boxes stating they were donated to the library • Measure the surface of the pizza box and write down the measurements •  Order felt by the yard, using the pizza box dimensions to be sure there is enough felt for the inside top of each box to be covered; Cut felt to size when it arrives to be sure there is enough • Buy yellow and brown felt sheets; Googly eyes are optional • Make a felt banana and spider using them for your presentation • Make photocopies of hand-outs for workshop participants SET-UP ON THE DAY OF THE WORKSHOP: • Set up a projector with the PowerPoint that you plan to use • Lower screen & set up speakers, if necessary • Set up tables with chairs facing the projection screen • Put a table & chair at the front side of the room for the librarian • Place the portable flannel board on the table •  Set up a table (or 2 or 3) in the back of the room; On each table, place pizza boxes, felt templates, felt, scissors, some permanent markers, glue guns, and tacky glue • Print out as many activity packets for early childhood educators as necessary • Make photocopies of the evaluation sheet or upload it on iPads • Gather library publicity materials for display • Place a table near the door or just outside the door for take-away printed materials Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 50 Growing Early Literacy Skills Through Books (Workshop 2) Presentation Slide Deck Agenda I. Welcome & Introduction A. Early literacy B. How this workshop related to Michigan’s Great Start Core Competencies C. Ready to Read Michigan D. What literacy skills are needed to be “Ready to Read!” II. Different learning models A. Children have different ways of learning B. Ages and stages are important to consider III. Building early literacy skills with the five practices A. Talking with babies, toddlers, & preschoolers B. Singing with babies, toddlers, & preschoolers C. Reading with babies, toddlers, & preschooler D. Writing with babies, toddlers, & preschoolers E. Playing with babies, toddlers, & preschoolers IV. Circle Time / Story Time A. Preschool story time practices B. Circle times: infants and toddlers & preschoolers C. Expanding books: putting it into practice V. Group Activities A. Preparing for the presentations B. Presenting/sharing VI. Useful Tools A. Developmental tips B. Family engagement - Promoting library workshops C. The library as a resources VII.	Closing & Questions A. What will you take back and use? B. Your role in early literacy C. Talk, sing, read, write, play! D. Thanks for coming / evaluation Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 51 Supplies & Preparation & Set-up SUPPLIES NEEDED FOR THIS WORKSHOP: • Adult-sized chairs and tables • Projection screen • LED projector or built-in projecting system • Clicker for advancing slides • Speakers (if there is no built-in sound system) • A laptop or jump drive with the PowerPoint on it •  Lots of books • Nursery rhyme collection • A picture book that can be sung (i.e. Old MacDonald or Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star) • Stickers & permanent markers for name tags • A laptop or jump drive with the Power Point on it • Books • A board book • A picture book with animal illustrations • A lift- the-flap book • Enough simple pictures books so there are one per person in the workshop • Non-fiction books with photographs • A version of Goldilocks and the The Three Bears • A fractured version of Goldilocks (i.e. Goldilocks and the Three Dinosaurs by Mo Willems) SET-UP • Set up a projector with the PowerPoint that you plan to use • Lower screen & set up speakers, if necessary • Make sure that you have internet access • Set up tables with chairs facing the projection screen • Put a table & chair at the front side of the room for the librarian • Place the portable flannel board on the table • Print out as many activity packets for early childhood educators as necessary • Make photocopies of the evaluation sheet or upload it on iPads • Gather library publicity materials for display • Place a table near the door or just outside the door for take-away printed materials 52 Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 Reproducibles Stations Signs/Family Take-Home Flyers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53 Song/Rhyme Sheets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68 Tips for Sharing Books . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 80 Activity Sheets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81 Felt Templates. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 92 SEEDLING TALK Use the puppet to talk with your baby. ➫Put a puppet on your hand or finger. ➫Describe what your baby is doing. ➫Make animal sounds with puppets. ➫Recite a rhyme with the puppet. ➫ Kiss your baby gently on the arm or leg with the puppet. ➫ Use the puppet to ask your baby questions. Give your baby plenty of time to answer — even if it is just with a noise! ➫ Repeat what your baby said (or the noise you heard) and add on to it. Continue talking together this way. ➫ Let your baby hold the puppet and describe what the puppet looks like. ➫ Point to something in the room and have the puppet name the object, “Look! There’s a chair!” Tip: Talking to your children helps them feel more connected with you. They learn words and understand more about the world around them. Talk with your baby anywhere, anytime! ➫Tell your babies… ❖How cute they are ❖ How much they look like grandma or another family member ❖About who is in your family ❖About dogs and cats ❖About the weather ➫Ask your babies: ❖Why don’t you let me sleep at night? ❖What is your favorite food? ❖ Where is your nose? Where are your ears? Where is your chin? Tip: Look directly at your babies while you are talking with them SEEDLING READ Share a book with your baby! ➫Sit with your baby on the floor and look at a book together. ➫ Or, sit in a chair, put the baby in the crook or your arm and share a book. ➫Talk about the pictures. ➫Sing about the pictures. ➫Read the book aloud. ➫ Point at pictures and ask questions. Give your baby plenty of time to answer — even if it is just with a noise! ➫Let your baby turn the pages. ➫Let your baby hold the book and describe what is on the cover. Tip: Carry a board book in your baby’s diaper bag. If your baby is getting antsy, pull out the book, talk about it, and look at the pictures together.
SEEDLING PLAY Play is how babies explore the word. ➫They are noticing shapes, sizes, textures, and colors. ❖Give your child items such as a washcloth, a wooden spoon, and ball to hold. ❖Talk about their shapes, their color, and how they feel. ➫ They are seeing how they can act and how things or people in the world react to them. ❖Roll a ball back and forth. ❖Your baby will learn that if a ball is pushed, it rolls away. ➫Dance with your baby! ❖Do the Hokey Pokey and name body parts: hand, foot, head, elbow, etc. ❖Choose music you like and have a dance party. ➫Puppet play helps babies practice communicating. ➫Do fingerplays with your baby. ❖Try “This Little Piggy” and end with a tickle. ❖Play “Peek-a-boo” with your baby, to show that you are still there, even if you can’t be seen. Tip: Carry a board book in your baby’s diaper bag. If your baby is getting antsy, pull out the book, talk about it, and look at the pictures together.
SEEDLING WRITE Scribbling leads to writing. ➫ Tell your baby what you are going to do. For instance, “I am going to make dots.” ➫ Touch the bag with your fingertips to make dots. Show your baby and say, “Look, I made dots.” ➫ Rub your flattened hand across the bag to erase everything. Show your baby and say, “Gone! The dots are gone.” ➫ Put the bag on the table in front of your baby and say, “Your turn!” ➫Give your baby plenty of time to respond. ➫ If your baby doesn’t respond, gently take one of his or her fingers and use it to make a dot. Comment happily, “You made a dot!” ➫ Ask your baby to make more dots. Give help if needed. ➫When there are lots of dots, erase everything.
Always describe what you are doing, so your baby hears the words to go along with the actions. Tip: “Literacy bags” build the muscles needed for writing later on. Even making dots and erasing them is a first step on the road to writing.
You may want to do the following extension activities: · Draw lines and then erase them. · Draw other shapes and then erase them. · Write the first letter of your baby’s name and erase it. · Write the first letter of your name and erase it.
SEEDLING SING Sing to your baby every day. ➫Hum to your baby ➫ Sing a song (like “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star) slowly and softly so it becomes a lullaby. ➫ Sing a song about animal sounds (like “Old MacDon-ald) and encourage your baby to join in. ➫Sing a song in a language that is not in English. ➫Choose a song from a book and sing it to your baby. ➫Sing about the pictures in a book. ➫ Sing a soft lullaby while holding and gently rocking your baby. ➫ Look at the preprogrammed ChromeBook or iPad to hear a great children’s book presented in song, Llama, Llama, Red Pajama – as sung by Ludacris. Tip: Whether or not you sing on key, to your baby, your voice is the most beautiful sound of all. Be a star and sing to your baby!
Use your imagination! Pretend you are on television and use the microphone to sing to your baby. ➫ Sing a love song to your baby while looking directly in his or her eyes. ➫Any song in any language is fine. ➫ Use the music you like best: country music, rap, jazz, or traditional lullabies are all fine. ➫Bounce your baby to a song with a steady beat. ➫Make a video of yourself singing to your baby. ➫Dance and sing with your baby at the same time. ➫Make up a fun tune to a familiar book. ➫ Sing a song from today or use an old favorite like “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star.” SPROUTS TALK Playing with Puzzles ➫When they are trying to fit the pieces, ask questions. ❖ “What goes here?” ❖ “What will fit here?” ❖ “Can you find the doggie?” ❖ “Do you think this piece is too big?” ❖ “Hm, it doesn’t seem to be fitting in. What can we do to make it fit?” Tip: Talking to your children helps them feel more connected with you. They learn words and understand more about the world around them. ➫ When your child fits a puzzle piece, show that you care. Instead of saying “Good job” say you appreciate your toddler’s effort and hard work. ❖ “I see you worked hard to put that in,” ❖ “You really tried a lot!” or ❖ “You tried lots of different ways!” Tip: Doing puzzles teaches your toddler not to give up when some-thing is hard. Making a mistake is a learning opportunity. Learning from a mistake means that when you try again, you will do better. Talking about Things Take one of the items on the table and talk about it with your child. ➫What color is it? ➫What shape is it? ➫What is it used for? ➫Do we have one of these at home?
Play a matching game by putting similar items in the same pile. ➫Put everything that is red over here. (yellow, blue, etc.) ➫Put everything that is round over here. ➫Put everything that is soft over here Tip: Look directly at your babies while you are talking with them Talking gives children words, and the more words children know before they start kindergarten, the easier reading will be for them.
SPROUTS READ Ask your child to choose a card with a picture of an animal. This may take some time, and that is fine! ➫Look in your child’s eyes and talk together about the animal. ❖ Do you know what animal this is? ❖What color(s) do you see on the animal? ❖What sound does the animal make? ❖How does the animal move? ➫Take turns with your toddler pretending to be the animal. ❖Try moving like the animals and making sounds at the same time. ➫Look at one of the pretend animal cards. ❖Try moving like the animals and making sounds at the same time.
Looking at pictures and naming what you see prepares brains for seeing words and being able to read them later on.
SPROUTS PLAY ➫ Play freeze games by moving to music and stopping when the music stops ❖ Freeze games teach children to listen and pay attention. ❖ They help children practice stopping when it’s time to stop. ➫ Make homemade musical instruments and play music together ➫Roll a ball back and forth together ❖Sing “Roll That Round Ball Down to Town” ❖ Move farther and farther away as you roll the ball to each other. ➫Do fingerplays with your toddler ❖ Do “Here is the Beehive” and end with a gentle tickle. ❖Make up your own fingerplays.
Toddlers explore and learn about the world through Play. ➫Use empty boxes for play ❖ Tissue boxes and cereal boxes make great building blocks. ❖Big boxes can be cars or buses. • Use your imaginations and make up stories about where you are going. ➫Have a dance party with your toddler ❖Dancing helps toddlers use up some energy! ❖ Singing along to lyrics introduces your toddler to new words. ❖Dance the Bear Hokey Pokey Tip: Playing games gives toddlers the opportunity to have conversations with you. It often helps them practice waiting for their turn, sharing with others, following directions, and feeling proud of themselves for successfully completing a task.
SPROUTS WRITE Here is the beehive, but where are the bees? (Make a fist) Hidden inside, where nobody sees. (Move other hand around your fist) Watch and you’ll see them come out of the hive... (Bend your closer to “watch” the hive) 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 (Open fist by counting with fingers) BUZZZZ! (Tickle your child’s tummy) ➫ With your child’s finger, trace over the outline of the hive. ➫ Decorate the hive. ❖ Ask your toddler to choose a crayon. ❖ Say the name of the color. ❖ Ask your toddler to decorate the hive using the crayon. ❖ Ask your toddler to choose another color and repeat. ➫ Ask if your toddler would like to add some bees to the picture. ➫ Write your child’s name at the bottom of the page. Tip: Most toddlers aren’t able to color inside lines. They may draw one dot and be done or do lots of coloring. All of these help prepare your toddler for writing. Tip: Comment on your toddler’s work instead of talent. · Instead of saying “Good job!” say “You are putting a lot of effort into that. · Instead of saying “That’s a beautiful picture,” say cheerfully, “I see a blue dot there!” While your toddler is decorating the hive, you can choose to · Decorate the hive together. · Draw bees for your child to color. · Use the blank paper and draw your own picture. Be sure to sign your name at the bottom. Tip: Children learn by imitating the people they love. Seeing you draw or write shows your toddler that writing is important. Tip: Scribbling strengthens the muscles used for writing. When you encourage scribbling, toddlers learn that writing has meaning. It also builds your toddler’s ability to pay attention.
Recite the Beehive rhyme and then illustrate it!
SPROUTS SING Ways to Sing and Play with Musical Instruments: ➫Shake them ➫Ring them ➫Tap them ➫Jump up and down with them ➫Turn around with them ➫Jump over them ➫Play them loudly/ softly/ fast/ slow ➫Play them to the beat ➫Play them all around- high and low ➫ Do the “Bear Hokey Pokey” while using a musical instrument Make musical instruments at home! ➫ Put some dried lentils or rice into two clean, empty plastic bottles. ➫ Glue the covers on tightly and wait for the glue to dry. ➫ You now have shakers for you and your toddler. Time to play! ➫ Dance, sing, and shake your shakers together when you hear a song you like. ➫Sing a song and shake to the beat. ➫ “Shake” a song without singing the words at all.
Tip: Scribbling strengthens the muscles used for writing. When you encourage scribbling, toddlers learn that writing has meaning. It also builds your toddler’s ability to pay attention.
BLOOMERS TALK Talking is even more fun when it is part of a rhyme or fingerplay!
Recite “Alligator, Alligator” ➫Do it in a high voice. ➫Do it in a low voice. ➫Say it quickly. ➫Say it slowly. ➫Say it softly. ➫Shout it out. ➫Find new ways to do it! Tip: Repeating a rhyme, song or book helps children learn more! Talking about Things When you are outdoors with your preschooler, choose and object and talk about it together ➫What color is it? ➫What shape is it? ➫What is it used for? ➫Do we have one of these at home? Tip: Conversations are one of the best ways for chil-dren to learn new words and new information. It is im-portant for you to ask questions and listen to answers, then respond.
Talking about Things ➫ Words help us express what we need, what we want, how we are feeling, and so much more! ➫ Children learn words when you talk to them and they feel more connected with you. ➫ Talking with your child builds vocabulary. When you know more words, it’s easier to learn more. Tip: Using an empty paper towel roll as a microphone, pretending you are on television, asking questions and interviewing your child, is a fun way to encourage talking. BLOOMERS SING Be a rock star, and Sing!
Use an empty paper towel roll as a pretend microphone. ➫ Sing one of your favorite songs to your child, using the microphone. ➫ Listen as your child sings a favorite song to you. ➫Sing a duet. ➫Sing and dance with your child. ➫Dress up and sing!
Singing can widen children’s view of the word. ➫ Sing “Zoom, Zoom, Zoom” and look at a library book about astronauts. ➫ Sing Che Che Koolay the song from Ghana we sang at the workshop. ➫ Sing the “Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play” song. ➫ Sing songs that your grandparents sang to you, in any language. ➫ Sing a lullaby when your child is getting sleepy. ➫ Sing “Toys Away” when it is time to clean up, to turn it into a fun game. ➫Sing “The Alphabet Song.” Tip: Whether or not you have a great singing voice, children enjoy the close feeling of singing with a grown up, especially one they love. BLOOMERS READ Choose a book that you like. ➫ Look at the cover and guess what the story is about. ➫Talk about the pictures ➫Sing a song about the book ➫Tell the story in your own words ➫ Ask your child to “Read” the story to you by looking at the pictures ➫ Look at an illustration and guess what comes next. ➫ Read the book aloud and underline the words with your finger as you are reading them.
Tip: The most important way to share books with our child is to have fun with them. Children who have good experiences with books want to learn to read.
Reading a book can be done in many different ways Create your own activity dice and play together with your child. ➫ Choose a topic that your child is interested in, like vehicles, dinosaurs, or food. ➫ Ask your child to name 6 different kinds of that topic (such as car, truck, bus) ➫ Write the name of each item on separate panels of the dice. ➫Ask your child to illustrate the items. ➫Cut out the dice, fold it, and tape it together. ➫ Think of a different action or sound to go along with each item, and practice. ➫ Play the dice game. Take turns rolling and do whatever action is needed.
Tip: Looking at pictures and figuring out what they mean is called “decoding.” Decoding skills are needed to read letters and words. Practicing decoding in the dice game is fun way to help your child get ready to learn to read.
BLOOMERS WRITE Writing or drawing can help children express their feelings.
Strengthening hand muscles and being able to move fingers independently helps children hold a pencil. Here are things your child can do: ➫ Poke fingers into Play-Doh or cookie dough ➫ Scrunch paper into a ball and then flatten it out. ➫ Put pegs into a pegboard. ➫ Do fingerplays ❖ Recite “I Have Ten Little Fingers” Writing can help your child share thoughts and feelings.
Use Writing to Share something you love! ➫ Draw a big heart on a sheet of paper. Make a heart for each child and for you, too. ➫ Ask your children to draw or write about something they love inside of their heart and do that yourself. ➫ Show the finished hearts to each other and talk about what is inside.
Tip: It is not always easy for children to talk about how they are feeling. Writing or drawing their feelings can make talking about them easier.
Scribbling is the first step to writing. ➫ Provide blank paper and crayons and encourage your child to draw. ➫ Encourage your child by cheerfully describing what they are doing: ❖ I see you are using lots of red. ❖ What a long line you’ve drawn. ➫ Your children are building skills when they draw, don’t worry about how the picture looks when it is finished. ➫ Instead of talking about what they’ve drawn, talk about HOW they drew. ❖ You thought carefully before starting to draw. ❖ You use a lot of dots in your pictures.
Tip: Since scribbling is an important step to writing, be sure to encour-age your child. Anything, even one dot on a page, should be celebrated!
BLOOMERS PLAY Playing helps children learn while having fun.
Play the clapping game ➫ Clap out your names with one clap for each syllable ➫Clap out the name of items in your house. ➫Clap out the names of things you see outside. ➫ Make a drum out of an empty cereal box and use that to clap out the things you see. ➫ Use musical instruments and play to the beat as you sing or song. ➫ Use musical instruments and play to the beat as you listen to music. ➫Have a parade and march to the beat!
Tip: Being able to hearing the sounds in words is important for learning how to read Play the dice game ➫ Create your own dice game. ➫Roll the dice, “read” whats on it, and act it out!
Play a matching game by putting similar items in the same pile. ➫ Put everything that is red over here. (yellow, blue, etc.) ➫Put everything that is round over here. ➫Put everything that is soft over here Playing with blocks builds lots of skill!
Build a tower with your child ➫Ask where you should put your block ➫Listen to your child’s comments and directions ➫ Watch as your child figures out what to do to keep the tower standing. ➫ Encourage your child to try again when the tower falls. ➫Tell your children to build whatever they want.
Tip: Playing with blocks builds communication skills and helps children learn from their mistakes.
Tip: When playing with others, use these two rules: 1. No throwing 2. No knocking down something that you didn’t build.
Hello Everybody, Yes Indeed Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play Hello everybody, yes indeed, yes indeed, yes indeed.
Hello everybody, yes indeed, yes indeed my darling.
Hello (use your child’s name) yes indeed, yes, indeed, yes indeed.
Hello (use your child’s name) yes indeed, yes indeed my darling.
(tune of “Good Night Ladies”) Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Hooray!
Seedlings Songs/Rhymes (by Barbara Cass-Beggs) Seedlings Songs/Rhymes Fingers Like to Wiggle Waggle Fingers like to wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle.
Wiggle fingers of both hands in front of you.
Fingers like to wiggle waggle way up high!
(Continue wiggling fingers as you raise hands. Say “up high” in a high voice) Fingers like to wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle.
Wiggle fingers of both hands in front of you.
Fingers like to wiggle waggle way down low!
(Continue wiggling as you move your hands down to the floor. Say “way down low” in a low voice) Fingers like to wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle, wiggle waggle.
Wiggle fingers of both hands in front of you.
Fingers like to wiggle waggle on my knee!
(Place fingers on your knee. Use your normal voice) (Repeat very quickly) Open Them, Shut Them Open them, shut them. Open them, shut them.
Give them a great big clap.
Open them, shut them. Open them, shut them.
Put them in your lap.
Creep them, creep them. Creep them, creep them.
Right up to your chin.
Open up your little mouth, But… do not let them in!
I Went to Visit the Farm One Day I went to visit the farm one day.
I saw a horse across the way.
And what do you think the horse did say?
“Neigh, neigh, neigh.” I went to visit the farm one day.
I saw a cow across the way.
And what do you think the cow did say?
“Moo, moo, moo.” I went to visit the farm one day.
I saw a rooster across the way.
And what do you think the rooster did say?
“Cock-a-doodle-doo.” I went to visit the farm one day.
I saw a hen across the way.
And what do you think the hen did say?
“Cluck, cluck, cluck.” Peek-a-boo Peek-a-boo, I see you, I see you hiding there.
Peek-a-boo, I see you, I see you smiling there. PEEK-A-Boo!
Seedlings Songs/Rhymes Seedlings Songs/Rhymes This Little Piggy Went to Market This little piggy went to market, (Gently tug your child’s pinky) This little piggy stayed home.
(Gently tug your child’s ring finger) This little piggy had roast beef.
(Gently tug your child’s middle finger) This little piggy had none.
(Gently tug your child’s index finger) And this little piggy cried, (Gently tug your child’s thumb) Wee wee wee wee—all the way home!
(Give your child a big tummy tickle) Repeat using other hand.
The Hokey Pokey You put your hand in.
You take your hand out.
You put your hand in.
And you shake it all about.
You do the Hokey Pokey and you turn yourself around, That’s what it’s all about. Hey!
You put your foot in.
You take your foot out.
You put your foot in.
And you shake it all about.
You do the Hokey Pokey and you turn yourself around, That’s what it’s all about. Hey!
I’m So Glad to See You I’m so glad to see you, I almost couldn’t wait, Can you clap your hands, and count to eight? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
I’m so glad to see you, I almost couldn’t wait, Can you turn around, and count to eight? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
Sprouts Songs/Rhymes I’m so glad to see you, I almost couldn’t wait, Can you touch your toes, and count to eight? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
I’m so glad to see you, I almost couldn’t wait, Can sit right down, And count to eight? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play (tune of “Good Night Ladies”) Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Hooray!
Hickory Dickory Dock Hickory Dickory Dock, (Lean from side to side) The mouse ran up the clock.
(Kick the floor gently but rapidly) The clock struck one, (Clap) The mouse ran down (Kick the floor gently but rapidly) Hickory Dickory Dock.
Lean from side to side.
Sprouts Songs/Rhymes You put your claw in, you take your claw out., You put your claw in, and you shake it all about. You growl the Hokey Pokey and you turn yourself around.
That’s what it’s all about, HEY!
Now try to “growling” to The Bear Hokey Pokey!
The Bear Hokey Pokey Sprouts Songs/Rhymes Here is the Beehive Here is the beehive, but where are the bees?
(Make a fist) Hidden inside, where nobody sees. (Move other hand around your fist) Watch and you’ll see them come out of the hive... (Bend your closer to “watch” the hive) 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 (Open fist by counting with fingers) BUZZZZ! (Tickle your child’s tummy) Roll That Round Ball Down to Town Roll that round ball down to town!
(Repeat as much as needed as you roll a ball back and forth) Sprouts Songs/Rhymes Let’s Clap to Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star Toys Away!
Twinkle, twinkle, little star. How I wonder what you are.
Up above the world so high. Like a diamond in the sky.
Twinkle, twinkle, little star. How I wonder what you are.
Toys away, Toys away, Put your toys away today!
Bloomers Songs/Rhymes The More We Get Together The more we get together, together, together. The more we get together, the happier we’ll be. ‘Cause your friends are my friends, And my friends are your friends. The more we get together, the happier we’ll be.
Talk, Sing, Read, Write, Play (tune of “Good Night Ladies”) Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play.
Talk, sing, read, write, play. Talk, sing, read, write, play. Hooray!
Alligator, alligator, sitting on a log. (Palms together; open and close) Down in the water he sees a frog.
(Hold hand over eyes to “search”) Down goes the alligator, (Dash your hands together to make a diving motion) Around goes the log, (Rolling motion with both hands) Away swims the frog. (Swimming motion with both hands) Now try it again… using low voices, using high voices, using soft voices!
Alligator, Alligator Bloomers Songs/Rhymes Zoom, Zoom, Zoom Zoom, zoom, zoom, we’re going to the moon (2x) (Rub hands together while rocking them in the air) If you want to take a trip, climb aboard my rocket ship (Bend one arm at the elbow with fingers facing up. “Walk” fingers of the other hand up the outstretched arm.”) Zoom, zoom, zoom, we’re going to the moon. (Rub hands together while rocking them in the air) 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, zero BLAST OFF! (Hold up 10 fingers and count down. On “BLAST OFF,” jump up!) I Have Ten Little Fingers I have ten little fingers and they all belong to me.
I can make them do things, just you wait and see.
I can shut them up tight, or open them wide I can put them together, or make them all hide.
I can make them jump high, I can make them jump low.
I can fold them quietly, and hold them just so.
Do you have ten fingers, too?
Let me see!
1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10!
Bloomers Songs/Rhymes Papers Away Papers away, Papers away, Put your papers away today!
Bloomers Songs/Rhymes Toys Away!
Toys away, Toys away, Put your toys away today!
Che Che Kule Parent: Che che koolay (put your hands on your head) Child: Che che koolay Parent: Che che kofi sa (put your hands on your shoulders) Child: Che che kofi sa Parent: Kofi sa langa (put your hands on your waist) Child: Kofi sa langa Parent: Kaka shi langa (put your hands on your knees) Child: Kaka shi langa Parent: Kum ah den deh (put your hands on your ankles) Child: Kum ah den deh All together: Kum ah den deh - Hey! (throw your hands in the air) Tips for Sharing Books with Your Child 1. Create a special place for reading: Try to find a “cozy corner” where you can share books with your child on a regular basis. It may simply be a space on the floor or snuggling together on a chair. Children can pay attention to books longer if they know they are in a special book-reading space.
2. Remove distractions to help your child concentrate: When reading to your child at home, it’s best to turn off the radio and television, and turn down the ringer on your cell phone. Give yourself 10 - 15 minutes of quiet time daily to share with your child. You may even want to wait until other people are out of the house in order to have time when you can focus directly on your child.
3. Know that you are your child’s first and best teacher: From the moment your child was born, you have been his or her teacher. You know more about your child than anyone else. Because you are your child’s role model, your child watches what you do and wants to do it too. Children love imitating the people they love.
4. Follow your child’s lead: Share activities (like reading) when your child is at his or her best. For instance, don’t try to share a book just before dinner, when your child is hungry, or at the time of day when your child is most cranky.
If you are reading to your baby and he is not interested, it is fine to stop reading. It is also fine to continue reading aloud, even though your baby may not be paying attention, and may be doing something else. Even when babies don’t seem to be listening, they are.
All children are different. Some sit and listen without responding. Others wiggle all the time. Others have to touch something when they are learning. Don’t worry if your child doesn’t do what you planned, or respond in the way you expect. It’s most important to simply create fun and loving time with your child. It doesn’t have to last long. Just a few minutes a day makes a good start.
5. Show enthusiasm.
Attitude is catching. If you are having fun, your child will have fun, too; If you act bored, your child won’t be interested. When reading aloud, use expression in your voice to show that you enjoy the book. Adding sounds (like “vroom, vroom”) and making faces can bring the book to life. By cheerfully sharing a book together, your child will grow up thinking “books are fun” and will be motivated to learn how to read.
Here is the Beehive Trace the beehive with your child’s finger. Recite the rhyme together. Decorate or color in the page together. Add some drawings of bees and recite the rhyme again. Describe what you see!
TIP: Here is the Beehive Here is the beehive, but where are the bees?
(Make a fist.) Hidden inside, where nobody sees. (Move other hand around your fist.) Watch and you’ll see them come out of the hive... (Bend your closer to “watch” the hive.) 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 (Open fist by counting with fingers.) BUZZZZ! (Tickle your child’s tummy.) Using a happy tone of voice while you are describing the picture will make your child feel proud Focus on your child’s effort, not talent.
Share something you love!
Take a heart for you and one for your child; inside the heart write or draw something you love - encourage your child to do the same in theirs.
TIP: Scribbling is the first step to writing, encourage your child to use the crayons. Drawing and writing are great ways to share feelings; talk about what’s in your hearts.
Banana Spider Animal Action Cards Bird Sounds tweet, caw, or coo Movement fly, flutter, peck Cat Sounds meow, purr, hiss Movement run, climb Frog Sounds croak, ribbit Movement jump, hop, swim Animal Action Cards Duck Sounds quack Movement waddles, swims, floats Horse Sounds neigh Movement trots, gallops, canters, walks Chicken Sounds peep, peep Movement walks on two legs, sticking their necks forward and back Cow Sounds moo Movement swishes tail back and forth, moves head back and forth, moves slowly Sounds Movement Pretend Animal!
Give your pretend animal a name. Draw it’s picture, and give it sounds and movements.
Animal Action Cards Build Your Own Workshop Template!
Age group: 1.) WELCOME 2.) 5 PRACTICES 3.) STATION TIME 4.) CLOSING Introductions Opening Song Song/Play Closing Comments on the 5 practices Evaluations TALK SING READ WRITE PLAY Write in 2-3 tips you plan to share for each practice: Activities you plan at the stations: 1)  Place text boxes to insert custom text on each face of the die 2) Cut on solid lines 3) Fold on dashed lines 4) Tape seams together Create-Your-Own Activity Dice Template Strut like a rooster 1) Cut on solid lines 2) Fold on dashed lines 3) Tape seams together Activity Dice Jump like a cat Baa like a sheep Oink like a pig Moo like a cow Gallop like a horse Early Childhood Providers Early Literacy Practices for EARLY LITERACY PRACTICE ACTION SKILLS TALK SING READ WRITE PLAY Idea Catcher Workshop: Date & Time: Notes Top 3 Takeaways: Resources I’d like to start using: What are my next steps or ideas to move forward?
1.
2.
3.
TALK SING READ WRITE PLAY TALK SING WRITE READ PLAY Tips for Sharing Books Stations Welcome Thanks for Coming!
Seedlings Sprouts Bloomers PLAY Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 100 References Adler, C. R., & Goldman, E. (2007). Shining stars: Toddlers get ready to read—how parents can help their toddlers get ready to read. National Institute for Literacy.
Association for Library Service to Children, and Public Library Association. Every Child Ready to Read @ Your Library. Chicago: ALSC/PLA, 2011.
Bonawitz, E., Shafto, P., Gweon, H., Goodman, N. D., Spelke, E., & Schulz, L. (2011). The double-edged sword of pedagogy: Instruction limits spontaneous exploration and discovery. Cognition, 120(3), 322-330.
Bowman, David. ”Read It Again, Sam.” The New York Times, Sunday Book Review, 4 Dec 2011. doi: www.
nytimes.com/2011/12/04/books.review/read-it-again-sam.
html?pagewanted=all.
Bryant, P., & Goswami, U. (2016). Phonological skills and learning to read. Routledge.
Bus, A. G., Belsky, J., van Ijzendoom, M. H., & Crnic, K. (1997). Attachment and bookreading patterns: A study of mothers, fathers, and their toddlers. Early Childhood Research Quarterly, 12(1), 81-98.
Bus, A. G., Van Ijzendoorn, M. H., & Pellegrini, A. D. (1995). Joint book reading makes for success in learning to read: A meta-analysis on intergenerational transmission of literacy. Review of Educational Research, 65(1), 1-21.
Campana, K., Mills, J. E., Ghoting, S., & Nelson, J. (2016). Every Child Ready to Read: Supercharge your storytimes: Using intentionality, interactivity, and community. Children and Libraries, 14(1), 36-37.
Campana, K. (2018). Moving from ECRR to ECRS: Get­ ting every child ready for school. Children and Libraries, 16(4), 37-38.
Campana, K., Kociubuk , J., & Mills, J. E. (2020) Making Space for Storytime: The Role of the Environment in the Production of Storytime, Public Library Quarterly, 39(2) 140-156, DOI: 10.1080/01616846.2019.1622396 Carroll, C. J. (2013). The effects of parental literacy in­ volvement and child reading interest on the development of emergent literacy skills. Theses and Dissertations. https://dc.uwm.edu/etd/230 Davidse, N. J., de Jong, M. T., Bus, A. G., Huijbregts, S. C., & Swaab, H. (2011). Cognitive and environmental pre­ dictors of early literacy skills. Reading and Writing, 24(4), 395-412.
Dickinson, D. K., McCabe, A., Anastasopoulos, L., Peisner-Feinberg, E. S., & Poe, M. D. (2003). The compre­ hensive language approach to early literacy: The interrela­ tionships among vocabulary, phonological sensitivity, and print knowledge among preschool-aged children. Journal of Educational Psychology, 95(3), 465.
Dodge, D. T. (2000). Building your baby’s brain: A parent’s guide to the first five years. US Department of Education, Office of Elementary and Secondary Education, The Even Start Family Literacy Program.
Dunst, C., Meter, D., & Hamby, D. W. (2011). Relationship between young children’s nursery rhyme experiences and knowledge and phonological and print-related abilities. Center for Early Literacy Learning, 4(1), 1-12. Early Childhood Associates, Inc. (2014) Michigan: Core knowledge and core competencies for the early care and education workforce. Michigan Department of Education.
Fink, C., and Marxer, M. (2020, Oct 12) “10 Ways Babies Learn When We Sing to Them!” NAEYC For Families. http://families.naeyc.org/learning-and-development/ music-math-more /10-ways-babies-learn-when-we-sing-to-them Fox, M. (2008). Reading magic: Why reading aloud to our children will change their lives forever. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
Gardner-Neblett, N., & Gallagher, K. (2013). More than baby talk: 10 ways to promote the language and commu­ nications skills of infants and toddlers. Gallagher.
Geist, K., Geist, E. A., & Kuznik, K. (2012). The patterns of music. YC Young Children, 56(1), 74-79.
Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 101 Gopnik, A. (2009). Your baby is smarter than you think. The New York Times, 16 Aug 2009.
Goswami, U. (2001). Early phonological development and the acquisition of literacy. Handbook of Early Literacy Research, 1, 111-125.
Granier-Deferre, C., Bassereau, S., Ribeiro, A., Jacquet, A. Y., & DeCasper, A. J. (2011). A melodic contour re­ peatedly experienced by human near-term fetuses elicits a profound cardiac reaction one month after birth. PLoS One, 6(2), e17304.
Harper, L. J. (2011). Nursery rhyme knowledge and pho­ nological awareness in preschool children. The Journal of Language and Literacy Education, 7(1), 63-78.
Hart, B., & Risley, T. R. (1995). Meaningful differences in the everyday experience of young American children. Paul H Brookes Publishing.
Heard, G. (1999). Awakening the heart: Exploring poetry in elementary and middle school. Heinemann Educational Books.
Heckman, J. J., & Karapakula, G. (2019). The Perry Preschoolers at late midlife: A study in design-specific inference (No. w25888). National Bureau of Economic Research.
Heckman, J. J., & Karapakula, G. (2019). Intergenerational and intragenerational externalities of the Perry Pre­ school Project (No. w25889). National Bureau of Economic Research.
Herman, P. A. (1985). The effect of repeated readings on reading rate, speech pauses, and word recognition accuracy. Reading Research Quarterly, 553-565.
Hernandez, D. J. (2011). Double jeopardy: How third-grade reading skills and poverty influence high school graduation. Annie E. Casey Foundation.
Hinkle, S. (2014). Every Child Ready to Read: Best Practic­ es: Sending the ECRR Message to Parents and Caregivers. Children and Libraries, 12(3), 35-36.
Hoff, E. (2013). Interpreting the early language trajectories of children from low-SES and language minority homes: implications for closing achievement gaps. Developmental Psychology, 49(1), 4.
Hoenig, L. (2020). From parent to patron: Stressing early literacy to new parents. Children & Libraries, 18(1), 31-32.
Honig, A. S. (2002). Secure relationships: Nurturing infant/toddler attachment in early care settings. National Association for the Education of Young Children, Washington, DC.
Honig, A. S. (2007). Oral language development. Early Child Development and Care, 177(6-7), 581-613.
Hoenig, L. (2020). From Parent to Patron: Stressing Early Literacy to New Parents. Children and Libraries, 18(1), 31-32.
Hutton, J. S., Horowitz-Kraus, T., Mendelsohn, A. L., DeWitt, T., Holland, S. K., & C-Mind Authorship Consortium. (2015). Home reading environment and brain activation in preschool children listening to stories. Pediatrics, 136(3), 466-478.
Hutton, J. S., Phelan, K., Horowitz-Kraus, T., Dudley, J., Altaye, M., DeWitt, T., & Holland, S. K. (2017). Story time turbocharger? Child engagement during shared reading and cerebellar activation and connectivity in preschool-age children listening to stories. Plos one, 12(5), e0177398.
Irwin, J. R., Moore, D. L., Tornatore, L. A., & Fowler, A. E. (2012). Expanding on early literacy. Children & Libraries: The Journal of the Association for Library Service to Children, 10(2), 20-28.
Kenney, S. (2005). Nursery rhymes: Foundation for learning. General Music Today, 19(1), 28-31.
Kuhl, P. K. (2011). Early language learning and literacy: neuroscience implications for education. Mind, Brain, and Education, 5(3), 128-142.
102 Ready to Read Michigan Toolkit — 2020 Leffel, K., & Suskind, D. (2013, November). Par­ ent-directed approaches to enrich the early language environments of children living in poverty. In Seminars in speech and language (Vol. 34, No. 04, pp. 267-278). Thieme Medical Publishers.
Levine, D., Pace, A., Luo, R., Hirsh-Pasek, K., Golinkoff, R. M., de Villiers, J., ... & Wilson, M. S. (2020). Evaluating socioeconomic gaps in preschoolers’ vocabulary, syntax and language process skills with the Quick Interactive Language Screener (QUILS). Early Childhood Research Quarterly, 50, 114-128.
Logan, J. A., Justice, L. M., Yumus, M., & Chaparro-More­ no, L. J. (2019). When children are not read to at home: The million word gap. Journal of Developmental & Behavior­ al Pediatrics, 40(5), 383-386.
Lonigan, C. J., Anthony, J. L., Bloomfield, B. G., Dyer, S. M., & Samwel, C. S. (1999). Effects of two shared-reading interventions on emergent literacy skills of at-risk pre­ schoolers. Journal of Early Intervention, 22(4), 306-322.
Lonigan, C. J., Schatschneider, C., & Westberg, L. (2008). National Early Literacy Panel, Developing early literacy: Report of the National Early Literacy Panel. Washington, DC: National Institute for Literacy, 107-151.
LoRe, D., Ladner, P., & Suskind, D. (2018). Talk, read, sing: Early language exposure as an overlooked social determi­ nant of health. Pediatrics, 142(3), e20182007.
MacLean, M., Bryant, P. & Bradley, L. (1987). Rhymes, Nursery Rhymes, and Reading in Early Childhood. Merrill-Palmer Quarterly 33(3): 255–81.
McKenzie, P. J., & Stooke, R. K. (2012). Making a differ­ ence. Children & Libraries: The Journal of the Association for Library Service to Children, 10(2), 47-52.
National Scientific Council on the Developing Child. (2008). The timing and quality of early experiences combine to shape brain architecture. Harvard University, Center on the Developing Child.
Neuman, S. B., Copple, C., & Bredekamp, S. (2000). Learning to read and write: Developmentally appropriate practices for young children. National Association for the Education of Young Children.
Neuman, S. B., Moland, N., & Celano, D. (2017). Bring­ ing literacy home: An evaluation of the Every Child Ready to Read program. Chicago: Association for Library Service to Children and Public Library Association. http://everychildreadytoread.org/wp-content/up­ loads/2017/11/2017-ECRR-Report-Final.pdf.
Pianta, R. C. (2006). Teacher-child relationships and early literacy. Handbook of Early Literacy Research, 2, 149-162.
Reed, J., Hirsh-Pasek, K., & Golinkoff, R. M. (2017). Learn­ ing on hold: Cell phones sidetrack parent-child interac­ tions. Developmental Psychology, 53(8), 1428.
Rosenberg, T. (2013). The power of talking to your baby. Power, 3, 25.
Stoltz, D., Czarnecki, E., & Wilson, C (2013). Every Child Ready for School. ALA Editions.
Suskind, D., Suskind, B., & Lewinter-Suskind, L. (2015). Thirty million words: Building a child’s brain: Tune in, talk more, take turns. Dutton Books.
Whitehurst, G. J., & Lonigan, C. J. (1999). Child devel­ opment and emergent literacy. Annual Progress in Child Psychiatry and Child Development, 37-76.
Whitehurst, G. J., Arnold, D. S., Epstein, J. N., Angell, A. L., Smith, M., & Fischel, J. E. (1994). A picture book reading intervention in day care and home for children from low-income families. Developmental Psychology, 30(5), 679.
Yuill, N. (2011). All talk: The importance of early conversations with children. The Journal of Family Health Care, 21(5), 19-21.