22
Pizza Hut
 A Pizza Hut (Touch hands together at angle)
 A Pizza Hut
 Kentucky Fried Chicken (Flap arms like chicken)
 And a Pizza Hut
 McDonalds McDonalds (Hands together and arch out in an M)
 Kentucky Fried Chicken
 And a Pizza Hut
If All the Raindrops
 If all the raindrops
 were lemon drops and gum drops
 oh what a rain that would be.
 I’d stand outside with my mouth open wide
 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
 If all the raindrops
 were lemon drops and gum drops
 oh what a rain that would be
Variation –
 If all the snowflakes
 were candy bars and milk shakes . . .
 Make up new verses of food to catch
Ram Sam Sam
Ram sam sam a ram sam sam (Fists on top of each other)
gooly gooly gooly gooly gooly (Circle fists around each other)
ram sam sam
ram sam sam a ram sam sam (Fists on top of each other)
gooly gooly gooly gooly gooly (Circle fists round and round)
ram sam sam (Fists on top of each other)
A raffi a raffi (Wiggle fingers, put in air)
gooly gooly gooly gooly gooly (Circle fists around each other)
ram sam sam (Fists on top of each other)
a raffi a raffi (Wiggle fingers, put in air0
gooly gooly gooly gooly gooly (Circle fists round each other)
ram sam sam (Fists on top of each other)
Little Clowny
I know a little clowny, going to the fair
A funny little clowny with flowers in her hair
Oh shake it little clowny, shake it if you can
Shake it like a milk shake and do the best you can
Rumble to the bottom and rumble to the top
Turn around and turn around until you have to stop
STOP
Animal Crackers
(Tune: 99 bottles)
 Oh once I ate a lion,
 And than a tall giraffe.
 But when I ate the elephant,
 He really made me laugh!
 Now you might think I’m fooling,
 But I will tell you true
 That they were ANIMAL CRACKERS,
 And you can eat them too!
Goodbye
(Tune: She’ll Be Coming Round the Mountain)
Oh, It’s time to say goodbye to our friends
Oh, It’s time to say goodbye to our friends
Oh, It’s time to say goodbye, make a smile and wink an eye,
Oh, it’s time to say goodbye to our friends.
Ears So Funny
 Here is a bunny with ears so funny. (Right fist with two fingers raised)
 And here is his home in the ground. (Cup left hand)
 When a noise he hears, he pricks up his ears.
 And he jumps to his home in the ground. (Right two fingerd due into cupped left hand)
