19
Three Little Ducks
 Three little ducks that I once knew
 Fat one, skinny one, tall one too
 But the one little duck with a feather on her back
 She led the others with a quack, quack, quack.
 Down to the river they would go
 Wibble, wobble, wibble, wobble, to and fro
 But the one little duck with a feather on her back
 She led the others with a quack, quack, quack.
 Back from the river they would come
 Wibble, wobble, wibble, wobble. ho, ho hum
 But the one little duck with a feather on her back
 She led the others with a quack, quack, quack.
Boa Constrictor
 There is a boa constrictor and here he comes,
 Oh, no!  He;s got my toe.
 Oh, gee!  He’s got my knee.
 Oh, my!  He’s got my thigh
 Oh, fiddle!  He’s got my middle.
 Oh, darn!  He’s got my arm.
 Oh, heck!  He’s got my neck.
 Oh, dread!  He’s got my head. (gulp).
Little Peter Rabbit
(Tune: Glory, Glory, Hallelujah)
 Little Peter Rabbit had a fly upon his nose. (Hands make rabbit ears, fingers fly away, point to nose)
 Little Peter Rabbit had a fly upon his nose. (Same actions)
 Little Peter Rabbit had a fly upon his nose. (Same actions as above)
 And he flipped it and he flopped it and it flew away ( Wave hand over nose, do same as before with other hand, 
hands together in waving motion)
 Leave out word “”rabbit” but do motions.
 Leave out word “rabbit” and “fly,” but do motions.
 Leave out word “rabbit” and “fly” and “nose”, but do motions.
 Suggestion: Other verses to sing:
 Little Peter Rabbit had a fly upon his toe.
 Little Peter Rabbit had a fly upon his ear.
 Little Peter Rabbit had a fly upon his paw.
 and he,  (Slap hands together)
Turtle
(Tune: 99 bottles)
 There was a little turtle who lived in a box. (Crouch down and pretend to have shell on back)
 He swam in the puddle, he climbed on the rocks
 He snapped at a mosquito, he snapped at a flee. (Snapping actions)
 He snapped at a minnow, and he snapped at me.
 He caught a mosquito, he caught the flea. (Pretend to be caught)
 He caught the minnow, but he didn’t catch me.
