Track 7 “A Fire Drill, A Fire Drill”
Gina:  Telly I am so glad you’re spending the day with us at the day care center.
Telly:  Me too Gina.
Baby bear:  Hey Telly, do you want to play a fire safety game?
Telly:  Sure, only I don’t know any.
Little girl:  I do.  Let’s have a fire drill.
Telly:  A fire drill?  What’s that?
Gina:  A fire drill Telly, is when you practice what you need to do to get out of a building if there’s a fire.
Baby bear:  Yeah and Gina makes us practice it all the time.  So let’s do a fire drill and I’ll play Gina.
Gina:  That’s a great idea baby bear.  Let’s see if you remember what we need to do if there’s a fire drill.  
Baby bear:  Oh, I’ll remember.
Telly:  And what do I do?
Baby bear:  Just stay calm Telly, ok.  And do what Ms. Gina tells you.  Ok children listen to Ms. Gina, now the first thing in a fire drill is a bell rings or a grownup says there’s going to be a fire drill.  
Gina:  Very good baby bear.
Telly:  Ok, then what?
Baby bear:  Then you stop whatever you’re doing and keep very quiet so you can listen.
Telly: Ok, stop what I’m doing and shhhh.  Quietly.  Now what?
Baby bear:   Now if there’s a baby in the house a grownup has to pick it up.
Telly:  Go ahead Gina, pick baby Honker up.
Gina:  All right.
Telly:  Ok baby bear, I mean Ms. Gina, what now?
Baby bear:  Now we all go to the exit door together.  Then we go outside to our special meeting place.  
Little girl:  And we stay out there until a grownup says, “it’s ok to go back in.” 
Baby bear:  That’s right, so come on.
Song:  If there’s a fire in your house or any place you’ve just been, get out, stay out.   Don’t go back in, if there’s a fire anywhere, there’s danger there.  Get out, stay out.  
Don’t go back in.  And once you get outside, that’s where you should stay until a grownup says, that it’s “ok.” 
There’s no two ways about it, so let me hear you shout it, “get out, stay out.”   Don’t go back in.  Get out, stay out.  
Don’t go back in.  If you left your teddy bear on your favorite chair, get out, stay out.  Don’t go back in.  
And if you lost one shoe, or your toy kangaroo, get out, stay out.  Don’t go back in.  And if you left your truck or your favorite doll, 
or your rubber duck, or your basketball, there’s no two ways about it, so let me hear you shout it, “get out, stay out.”  Don’t go back in.  
Get out, stay out.  Don’t go back in.  Get out, stay out.  Don’t go back in.  Get out, stay out.  Don’t go back in.   
Get out, stay out.  Don’t go back in.  Get out, stay out.  Don’t go back in.  Get out, stay out.  Don’t go back in.  Get out, stay out.  Don’t go back in.
